<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>149</p><p>and without any prior sign or symptom, she starts bleeding out. </p>
<p>When I say bleeding out, we’re talking litres. She assumes her waters </p>
<p>are breaking, but looks down to see her jeans and white sneakers </p>
<p>absolutely soaked with blood.</p><p>Super fortunately Tash worked less than 500  metres from Royal </p>
<p>North Shore hospital and with maternal instinct in overdrive she </p>
<p>decided that driving herself to the hospital with me on the phone </p>
<p>would be the quickest way to get help. By the time she pulled up </p>
<p>outside emergency, having busted a boom-­</p>
<p>gate on the way through, </p>
<p>there were pools of blood in the car. As she trailed blood through </p>
<p>the emergency department, she was met by staff and swiftly moved </p>
<p>into a resus bed, where her clothes were cut off and a team of about </p>
<p>15 staff began to gear up.</p><p>By the time I got there with Ada, Tash had been prepped for </p>
<p>surgery and was about to be wheeled in. The attending OB/GYN </p>
<p>made a last-­</p>
<p>minute decision not to deliver our baby there and </p>
<p>then and instead to wait to see how Tash responded to a blood </p>
<p>transfusion. Minutes later, she started to crash. The team called a </p>
<p>code blue and I was told to leave the room. Mercifully, she bounced </p>
<p>straight back and the bleeding finally stopped. The medical notes </p>
<p>record she had lost an estimated two litres of blood. Tash spent </p>
<p>the next month in hospital as we waited for the next haemorrhage </p>
<p>significant enough to make early delivery of the baby necessary. </p>
<p>We knew he would be pre-­</p>
<p>term and we knew at this point there </p>
<p>were likely to be complications.</p><p>During this month I solo-­</p>
<p>parented our 16-­</p>
<p>month-­</p>
<p>old at home and </p>
<p>met Tash at the hospital most days. I had just started Sufficient </p>
<p>Funds and I begged forgiveness from our very few clients for work I </p>
<p>couldn’t deliver on time.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>