<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>79</p><p>you should be considering additional contributions to Super. </p>
<p> </p>
<p>If you’ve maxed out super contributions, then go back to Investment </p>
<p>and go bananas! This is where true legacy starts to build and you’re </p>
<p>creating long-­</p>
<p>term, intergenerational wealth. For many, this is part </p>
<p>of their definition of ‘Beyond Sufficient’.</p><p>Most of our clients have at least $500 to $1000 per month to deploy, </p>
<p>as they’re not spending it all, and have a few ‘options’ in terms of </p>
<p>how to utilise this extra cash. This is a key reason why they seek </p>
<p>financial advice.</p><p>At least for us at Sufficient Funds, financial advice is not only about </p>
<p>investment returns, although these are important; it is also about </p>
<p>everything else in your life, and how you align your money decisions </p>
<p>with your desired life. Our goal is to ensure you have the best chance </p>
<p>of squeezing every bit of fun, joy, experience, love, happiness and </p>
<p>fulfilment you possibly can out of the time you have left. Money is </p>
<p>no more than a facilitator for this.</p><p>You’ll find more in chapter 5 about how and why financial advice </p>
<p>might be super valuable to you right now. For now, hopefully you’re </p>
<p>on your way to DIYing a lot of this, so let’s keep pumping!</p><p>Note:  Before you take this step make sure you understand that </p>
<p>this is general rather than personal advice. What works for one </p>
<p>person might not work for you for a bunch of reasons. Please </p>
<p>don’t act without seeking professional advice.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>