<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>11</p><p>Three steps to setting bigger </p>
<p>adventures (and how we get there </p>
<p>with our clients)</p><p>Constantly striving for bigger adventures is what makes me tick, </p>
<p>and helping others achieve this for themselves is why I do what I do </p><p>ACTIVITY</p>
<p>Start your Defining Sufficient list</p><p>Create a list of everything that’s coming up for you, and build this </p>
<p>into your grand list of goals and values for the foreseeable future.</p><p>My hot tip: keep it old school and use a pen and paper. It’s </p>
<p> </p>
<p>crucial to have a physical copy that you can pin on a note board </p>
<p>or stick on the wall somewhere you’re going to see it regularly.</p><p>Add to this list as you read and work through the rest of </p>
<p>this chapter.</p><p>Note that this list is never set in concrete. It will need to remain </p>
<p>flexible as you grow and life happens, but starting now is crucial.</p><p>Note for couples: you will have individual goals as well as joint </p>
<p>and perhaps family goals. If you’re a couple who are planning a </p>
<p>life together I strongly recommend you join forces on this list. </p>
<p>But first spend 20 minutes individually making your list and then </p>
<p>use the time together to discuss it all. This is an important step </p>
<p>to ensure that each of you retains your individuality but that </p>
<p>you also have a chance to discuss upfront where your views </p>
<p>and values differ. This is an important step for jointly working </p>
<p>towards achieving Sufficient Funds.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>