<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>23</p><p>I was straight out of uni and there were people in their 40s being </p>
<p>managed by those in their 20s.</p><p>I knew where I needed to be.</p><p>Set lofty goals and maintain a strong work ethic</p><p>Tash and I had set ourselves some fairly lofty income goals when </p>
<p>we first moved in together in 2005, including six-­</p>
<p>figure salaries </p>
<p>by 30. It became a bit of a competition. I now see this with clients all </p>
<p>the time. Starting out on $35k each after uni, 3 per cent p.a. wasn’t </p>
<p>going to cut it.</p><p>Tash completed her Master’s while working full time. I was driving </p>
<p>up to 100 km from the office to meet clients, sometimes getting </p>
<p>home well after midnight, before starting back in the CBD at </p>
<p>7.30 am the next day.</p><p>We started climbing the ladder and both of us achieved our income </p>
<p>goal by age 27. We didn’t set out with an intentional work ethic, but </p>
<p>looking back, our work ethic was a key factor in getting us there.</p><p>Work smarter  AND  harder</p><p>These days, as I build my financial services businesses, I’m looking </p>
<p>for all the shortcuts available to streamline processes and become </p>
<p>more efficient.</p><p>As advisers, our strength is in talking to clients, building </p>
<p>relationships with them so they have the confidence to share their </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>