<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>3</p><p>Before we get stuck into your definition of Sufficient and how to get </p>
<p>there, I want to share with you some achievements in my life where </p>
<p>positive thinking and self-­</p>
<p>belief were required above all else.</p><p>I think back to my early days at university, planning for my exchange </p>
<p>to Canada, where the seeds for this book first germinated. At the </p>
<p>time, leaving behind all my friends and family for six months felt </p>
<p>huge, but the excitement and enormity of what lay ahead made me </p>
<p>save harder and put in the additional hours to organise myself and </p>
<p>make it happen. The cost, the time to plan and prepare, and all the </p>
<p>unknowns that scared me so much seemed like massive hurdles. </p>
<p>But I passed all my classes, the trip happened, and I made friends </p>
<p>and memories for life. Positive thinking and action turned those </p>
<p>six months into a life-­</p>
<p>changing experience and one of the best and </p>
<p>most memorable experiences I’ve ever had.</p><p>Fast forward to December 2006. Tash and I were recently engaged </p>
<p>and on relatively low incomes. It was no Kim Kardashian rock, but </p>
<p>I spent 80 per cent of two years’ savings on the ring. For a 25-­</p>
<p>year-­</p><p>old in a low-­</p>
<p>level corporate position, I’d majorly splashed out. The </p>
<p>bank balance was bleak and we had just over 12 months to save </p>
<p>from scratch for a wedding and honeymoon, while also wanting to </p>
<p>buy our first home. We were working our butts off to get ahead so </p>
<p>we could make the life we wanted. Although we’d already travelled </p>
<p>extensively both separately and together, we were determined to </p>
<p>reward ourselves with a honeymoon that blew all our other trips </p>
<p>out of the water.</p><p>Our challenge was to save 80 per cent of our combined after-­</p>
<p>tax </p>
<p>income. After rent it left us with about $200/month to live on. This </p>
<p>was a massive stretch for us, both financially and mentally. For the </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>