<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>164</p><p>Trust yourself</p><p>You are unique. No one else in the world has your exact set of skills, </p>
<p>values and strengths. Your key now is to find these and amplify them.</p><p>Express yourself</p><p>Anyone who has met me in the past decade doesn’t usually believe </p>
<p>this, but I was very quiet at school. My mates in high school used to </p>
<p>joke around telling me to shut up, because I was so quiet. I slowly </p>
<p>forced myself out of my comfort zone and realised that I had a </p>
<p>lot to share.</p><p>One of my jobs at uni was selling wine by telemarketing. If you want </p>
<p>to learn how to express yourself and build a thick skin at the same </p>
<p>time, try cold-­</p>
<p>calling random people to talk about something you </p>
<p>know very little about, with the goal of having them hand over their </p>
<p>credit card.</p><p>My first financial planning job involved sitting in front of people </p>
<p>who had been cold-­</p>
<p>called and convince them of the benefits of </p>
<p>getting help with their money. Before anyone wants to talk about </p>
<p>money, they have to be able to trust the person they’re talking to. </p>
<p>If I didn’t come with honesty or true authenticity, I had no chance.</p><p>You learn a lot about others but also about yourself in this kind </p>
<p>of situation. My EQ developed as I came to better understand </p>
<p>the value of what I did as a professional as well as who I was as a </p>
<p>person. I also learned a lot about the problems people have with </p>
<p>understanding and dealing with money, which is exactly why we </p>
<p>built Sufficient Funds.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>