<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>119</p><p>The benefit of forced savings is that the money is allocated to a more </p>
<p>profitable place before you can spend it. This is linked to the positive </p>
<p>behaviour you will have developed from chapter 2.</p><p>The super gap for women</p><p>Superannuation is an important part of financial planning for </p>
<p>retirement, but in Australia there is a significant gap between the </p>
<p>superannuation balances of men and women. This gap, known as </p>
<p>the superannuation gap or the gender super gap, recognises the </p>
<p>difference in the average superannuation balances between men </p>
<p>and women. According to recent studies, the superannuation gap </p>
<p>in Australia is significant, with women retiring with a median </p>
<p>superannuation balance of $146 900 compared to $204 107 for men, </p>
<p>resulting in a gap of 28 per cent.</p><p>There are several reasons for the super gap. Firstly, unfortunately </p>
<p>women still tend to earn less than men, which means they have </p>
<p>less money to put into their superannuation accounts. Women are </p>
<p>also more likely to work part-­</p>
<p>time or in casual positions, which </p>
<p>offer lower wages and fewer benefits, such as superannuation </p>
<p>contributions. Additionally, women are more likely to take time off </p>
<p>work to care for children or other family members, which can result </p>
<p>in a significant reduction in their superannuation contributions.</p><p>Another reason for the super gap is that women are more likely </p>
<p>to work in industries with lower-­</p>
<p>paid jobs or in occupations that </p>
<p>don’t offer the same level of superannuation benefits as other </p>
<p>industries.</p><p>There’s also a systemic issue with the superannuation system in </p>
<p>Australia that contributes to the super gap. The current system </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>