<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>54</p><p>specific advice like this to a very diverse readership is that it will </p>
<p>inevitably miss the mark with most.</p><p>A Sufficient emergency fund has just enough. Too little is risky, too </p>
<p>much means you’re missing opportunities to invest or enjoy more </p>
<p>of your hard-­</p>
<p>earned.  If you’re single with a secure income, two </p>
<p>months of living costs might be fine. If you’re newly self-­</p>
<p>employed </p>
<p>or in a highly volatile contractual role, with young kids and a solid </p>
<p>mortgage, you might want to up it to six months or even a whole </p>
<p>year of expenses.</p><p>I like nice round numbers, so whether it’s $5000 or $100 000 make it </p>
<p>an easy number and don’t overthink. Crucially, I want you to adapt </p>
<p>a mindset around your emergency fund that it’s not your money!</p><p>Please understand what this fund represents: it’s money you never </p>
<p>touch except in a real financial emergency. Don’t think of it as </p>
<p>future investment funds or some extra dosh for the next furniture </p>
<p>upgrade. Tuck it away, even at a separate bank if you need to, so it’s </p>
<p>well and truly out of sight, out of mind.</p><p>A real emergency might be that you lose your job, you face big and </p>
<p>urgent medical costs, the family business slows right down, you find </p>
<p>yourself between contracts for much longer than expected, or your </p>
<p>parents or kids find themselves stuck overseas.</p><p>For us, our son Eden spent his first three months in and out </p>
<p>of hospital. He was born only 11 days after our SF business was </p>
<p>launched. Tash had deferred her employer’s parental leave (for tax </p>
<p>purposes, of course) and we had to park everything, lay low and </p>
<p>spend another three months picking up the pieces before it all </p>
<p>started to flow again.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>