<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>70</p><p>The four stacks are very simple. They are:</p><p>1.	 Debts</p><p>2.	 Savings</p><p>3.	 Investment</p><p>4.	 Super.</p><p>At any point in time you would rarely be targeting only one stack. </p>
<p>In fact, I would argue that unless you’re swimming in the types of </p>
<p>debts we discussed in chapter  2 (credit cards, personal loans or </p>
<p>BNPL), you’re likely to need at least two or three of the stacks at all </p>
<p>times. Think of this as literal stacks of cash on the table in front of </p>
<p>you, but with very specific rules and purposes for each.</p><p>Those on a decent income with HECS/HELP or a mortgage, a chunk </p>
<p>of spare cash and 20 to 30 years before retirement will probably want </p>
<p>to make use of all four stacks of Sufficient Funds, just like Nicola.</p><p>A client example</p><p>Nicola is single, 32 years old, a medical doctor on an income of </p>
<p>$220   000 with $150   000 in savings.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Stack 1 (Debt):  She made a large payment to her significant </p>
<p>HELP debt last year, saving a one-­</p>
<p>off indexation of 7.2 per </p>
<p>cent. She also extinguished some annoying Afterpay debt </p>
<p>that she didn’t realise was costing her a heap, even on a low </p>
<p>balance of approximately $2000.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>