<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Sufficiently Developed</p><p>You now know how to plan for growth and building mad </p>
<p>momentum. Specifically:</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You have a good understanding of the four stacks of </p>
<p>Sufficient Funds: debts, savings, investments and super.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve spent time thinking about which of the four </p>
<p>stacks you’re currently contributing to (remember, it’s likely </p>
<p>to be more than one).</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve completed a pre-­</p>
<p>investment review of your </p>
<p>definition of Sufficient (mostly this was done in chapter 1, </p>
<p>but it’s absolutely worth recapping before making </p>
<p>investment choices).</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve taken the time to understand how certain tax </p>
<p>structures will and won’t help your end game and to </p>
<p>understand the pros and cons to investing using different </p>
<p>entities (such as individual vs family trust).</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You now have a good understanding of the different types </p>
<p>of asset classes and the investment opportunities within </p>
<p>them, and you have begun to make decisions around </p>
<p>where to start stacking your hard-­</p>
<p>earned.</p><p>Congrats! You are now on the way to creating your own mad </p>
<p>stacks! This is where true financial freedom begins.</p><p>Read on to understand when you may need to defend your stacks </p>
<p>from life’s ups and downs and how to do it!</p><p>122</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>