<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>144</p><p>Private vs public schooling</p><p>I’ve heard every argument under the sun for both sides from </p>
<p>people from all extremes of the financial-­</p>
<p>capability spectrum. This </p>
<p>includes speaking at length with people who’ve sent their kids to </p>
<p>private school and acknowledged it probably wasn’t necessary or </p>
<p>worth the funds, and to others who really couldn’t afford it, worked </p>
<p>themselves to the bone to make it happen, and don’t regret a thing.</p><p>I went to public high school in Grafton, where we had two choices, </p>
<p>one Catholic, one public. My parents ‘offered’ to send me to </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Churchie, a GPS school in Brisbane, for my senior years. I politely </p>
<p>declined, as any reserved teenager would when weighing up leaving </p>
<p>home, the soccer team and a good crew of friends for boarding </p>
<p>school with a bunch of city boys in blazers, more than an hour </p>
<p>from a beach.</p><p>Grafton schooling, regional and fairly rough, was good for me. I got </p>
<p>to interact with kids whose families came from all walks of life. It </p>
<p>toughened me up a bit and gave me a grounding in what matters, </p>
<p>and this is something I am truly grateful for. Byron Bay’s median </p>
<p>house price is over $3 000 000 for a number of reasons, and I think </p>
<p>one of them is that if heaven exists, it will look a lot like the NSW </p>
<p>north coast. It’s God’s country and will forever occupy a treasured </p>
<p>place in my heart.</p><p>While not too many people send their kids to private school from </p>
<p>kindergarten, it becomes a very real prospect once high school </p>
<p>comes around.</p><p>You can often find some middle ground, but annual fees for the </p>
<p>best of the best range from about $30 000 to $45 000 per child. Add </p>
<p>another $25 000+ if boarding.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>