<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>24</p><p>dreams and we can then work together with them on their biggest </p>
<p>money decisions. This is what we enjoy, and we’re very good at it.</p><p>It’s easy to get bogged down in all the paperwork that is inherent in </p>
<p>this type of work. I’ve learned that the best way to avoid this is by </p>
<p>practising pseudo-­</p>
<p>laziness: ‘How can I remove myself from this to </p>
<p>make it better.’</p><p>If my strength is in working directly with my clients, coaching my </p>
<p>team and promoting the amazing work we’re doing, I need to look </p>
<p>at everything else as a complete waste of my time. This is why our </p>
<p>clients don’t just get to know me, or our other financial advisers; they </p>
<p>get to know our team members. There are obviously many benefits </p>
<p>to us and our clients because of this, none more so than my not </p>
<p>getting bogged down in the tasks that are not in my list of strengths, </p>
<p>allowing me to focus on the value-­</p>
<p>adding conversations and Money </p>
<p>Action Plans (MAP) ™   that we’re privileged to be delivering.</p><p>Here are my tips for being smarter when it comes to tackling tasks </p>
<p>on the way to achieving Sufficient Funds:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Leverage technology.  Good tech is cheap — often </p>
<p>free — and allows us to automate repetitive tasks. Just as </p>
<p>you will learn to do with your money in the next chapter, </p>
<p>automation helps you free your time for more impactful or </p>
<p>creative work.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Prioritise.  Not all tasks are created equal. It’s good to </p>
<p>have a to-­</p>
<p>do list but ensure that it’s leading you to the big </p>
<p>outcomes you’re seeking to achieve. Then, crucially, break </p>
<p>the tasks into 15-­</p>
<p> to 20-­</p>
<p>minute items and work on only one </p>
<p>thing at a time.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>