<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>146</p><p>and then stopping. This yearly increase aligns with expected </p>
<p>increases in income and with other goals, which include </p>
<p>paying out the home loan within 10 years.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You can see in figure 4.2 we made an investment return </p>
<p>assumption of 5.95 per cent after tax. The earnings are </p>
<p>taxed within the investment bond, which means tax is </p>
<p>paid at a lower rate than these guys are expecting to pay </p>
<p>personally throughout this time. Bonus!</p><p>•	</p>
<p>This spreadsheet (see figure 4.2) shows how it looked </p>
<p>over 20 years.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You can see withdrawals of $30 000 per annum (plus </p>
<p>inflation) for the eldest child begin in year 11. They </p>
<p>double two years later, and drop back for the last two </p>
<p>years and then, HAPPY DAYS! $26 436 is left over for the </p>
<p>18th-­</p>
<p>birthday parties and a family trip to Whistler!</p><p>My view on this big decision? It depends on the child. Some kids </p>
<p>will cruise through the most basic of public schools and their </p>
<p>natural talent and focus will see them scoring high results and </p>
<p>choosing whatever uni and whatever course they want. Some won’t </p>
<p>be cut out for any further type of academic pursuit, and this is also </p>
<p>fine. You don’t need to attend a private school or do a business or </p>
<p>science degree to have an incredibly fulfilling career or start an </p>
<p>insanely profitable business and make mad stacks if this is what </p>
<p>you’re seeking.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>