<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>75</p><p>Note that tax implications also need to be taken into account when </p>
<p>calculating ROI. I cover tax in more detail later in the chapter, but </p>
<p>for now, just know that the interest on a debt used to purchase an </p>
<p>asset that generates investment income, for example an investment </p>
<p>property loan, may be tax deductible to you. So your ROI of paying </p>
<p>off an investment debt vs an owner-­</p>
<p>occupied home loan with no </p>
<p>tax benefits is going to be different. Your ROI for paying off the </p>
<p>investment debt will be reduced by the amount of tax benefit you </p>
<p>miss out on, where for the owner-­</p>
<p>occupied loan your ROI remains </p>
<p>at the interest rate of the loan itself.</p><p>Investment returns are also taxable. Income is generally taxed in </p>
<p>your annual tax return, where tax on growth is paid in the year that </p>
<p>you sell an asset and realise a ‘capital gain’ — hence the term capital </p>
<p>gains tax (CGT).</p><p>It would be nice if all you had to think about when it comes to </p>
<p>building your stacks is the ROI. There’s a bit more to it, though!</p><p>Another important factor in deciding which stack to target, especially </p>
<p>for the savings, investment or super stacks, is the timeframe you have </p>
<p>until you need the cash. If your goal is to retire with stacks of tax-­</p>
<p>free </p>
<p>income available to you, and there are no other major goals standing </p>
<p>in your way, then you’ll be okay to pump your super fund as hard as </p>
<p>possible, ensuring you do this in a tax-­</p>
<p>effective way.</p><p>For our clients, most of whom are between 25 and 45 years old, major </p>
<p>goals are a fact of life! They commonly include more pets, starting a </p>
<p>family, multiple and significant adventures, buying their first home, </p>
<p>supporting kids with big purchases and education, flexible work, </p>
<p>starting a business, home upgrade and early retirement.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>