<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>12</p><p>for a living. Here I want to give you some insider tips on how to do </p>
<p>this in three key steps.</p><p>When we kick off one of our Defining Sufficient sessions, I ask open-­</p>
<p>ended questions about what you’re striving towards, with the goal </p>
<p>of understanding what makes you tick. It’s also a great way to gauge </p>
<p>how you feel about your current situation, as well as how confident </p>
<p>you are about your future and your ability to achieve the targets </p>
<p>you’ve set yourself.</p><p>These are not always easy questions to answer and over the years I’ve </p>
<p>noticed a strong recurring theme: we are uneasy talking about our </p>
<p>big ideas and far more comfortable listing the usual goals society </p>
<p>tells us we  should  strive for.</p><p>It starts with what you think I want to hear, which is usually one of </p>
<p>these four bad boys:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Pay off debt.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Save more.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Reduce tax.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Start investing.</p><p>Through no fault of your own, and mainly because our profession </p>
<p>has created this perception, this is the default position of almost </p>
<p>every new client. ‘He’s a financial adviser, so I’d better tell him </p>
<p>something financial.’</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>