<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>115</p><p>or exchange is hacked, your entire investment could be lost. </p>
<p>There is little recourse in an underregulated environment, </p>
<p>so keeping your eyes wide open is essential.</p><p>So weigh up your risks carefully. If I choose to invest in crypto, I </p>
<p>commit only a very small portion of my total investable assets — an </p>
<p>absolute maximum of 5 per cent — and also make sure that it’s </p>
<p>money I won’t miss if it disappears overnight.</p><p>Superannuation — the fourth </p>
<p>stack of Sufficient Funds</p><p>Longevity experts are talking about innovations that are really </p>
<p>shaking up the way we view old age. Think stem cells to repair heart </p>
<p>damage and injections that could prevent Alzheimer’s. Although we </p>
<p>don’t have these yet, think about what your retirement years could </p>
<p>look like once some of the more common ailments are reduced or </p>
<p>even eradicated in the next decade or so.</p><p>A final word on investment</p><p>As you weigh up your investment options, make sure you keep </p>
<p>going back to your drivers </p>
<p>— </p>
<p>your definition of Sufficient Funds. </p>
<p>Remember that you don’t just have to choose one. Over time a </p>
<p>large portfolio of all asset classes can be the best way to manage </p>
<p>risk. Keeping your personal goals in mind and being self-­</p>
<p>aware of </p>
<p>your investment knowledge and your appetite for risk will help you </p>
<p>make investment decisions that suit your individual preferences </p>
<p>and keep you on track to achieve your Sufficient life.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>