<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>6</p><p>Self-­</p>
<p>belief and positive thinking will give you the combination of </p>
<p>confidence and motivation you need to nail this chapter. Combine </p>
<p>this with a desire to learn and grow, and you’ll be unstoppable.</p><p>How to spend a billion dollars: find your </p>
<p>purpose and stay on it</p><p>Before you write down your big list you need to get clear on why </p>
<p>you’re on this Earth. Make sure you get the path right first, before </p>
<p>you set off chasing the dollars.</p><p>There’s a lot of content out there about finding your purpose in </p>
<p>order to live successfully. Simon Sinek made it famous through </p>
<p>the brilliant book  Start with Why , and every guru out there now </p>
<p>trumpets doing what you love as a top tip for success.</p><p>So now we’re all fully aware that loving what you do means you’ll be </p>
<p>better at it, I want to share with you the fluff-­</p>
<p>free way to find your </p>
<p>purpose and stay on track with it.</p><p>Start by getting crystal clear on your innate drivers. Take money off </p>
<p>the table. In fact, take any constraint off the table and allow yourself </p>
<p>to think about what you really want to do with the years you have on </p>
<p>this Earth. Big-­</p>
<p>thinking billionaire Peter Diamandis says the way to </p>
<p>find your purpose is by answering these two questions:</p><p>1.	 What did you really want to be when you were a kid? (This </p>
<p>is what I mean by your innate drivers … )</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>