<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>120</p><p>is based on a model in which employees receive superannuation </p>
<p>contributions from their employer, but this system does not account </p>
<p>for those who work in part-­</p>
<p>time or casual positions. This means that </p>
<p>women who work in these positions are more likely to miss out on </p>
<p>superannuation contributions. The Australian Workplace Gender </p>
<p>Equality Agency reports that at every age fewer than 50 per cent of </p>
<p>women are in the workforce full time.</p><p>In our business over 70 per cent of our client base identify as female, </p>
<p>including many singles, and couples where the female is the driving </p>
<p>force in seeking advice. As a result, this is a conversation we are </p>
<p>encouraging with our clients. There is some very generic advice out </p>
<p>there for bridging the super gap, such as consolidating super to avoid </p>
<p>unnecessary fees and negotiate higher salaries. Fortunately there </p>
<p>are some really great strategies we often employ with clients to help </p>
<p>address this gap as individuals. Here are the most common four:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Government co-­</p>
<p>contribution . Here you are able to make </p>
<p>a non-­</p>
<p>concessional (post-­</p>
<p>tax) contribution, currently up </p>
<p>to $1000, and the government will match this with up to </p>
<p>$500 contributed to your super fund. There is a low-­</p>
<p>income </p>
<p>threshold but it can often be employed, especially in times </p>
<p>out of the workforce or when working part-­</p>
<p>time.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Spouse contributions . This works for couples, where the </p>
<p>higher earner contributes money into the lower earning </p>
<p>partner’s super fund, and the higher earner receives a tax </p>
<p>offset for this.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Contribution splitting . Again for couples, where the higher </p>
<p>earning partner has already made concessional (pre-­</p>
<p>tax) </p>
<p>contributions to their super fund and can then split up to </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>