<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>182</p><p>Tash and I value travelling to new places, locally and </p>
<p>internationally, with our young kids. We believe there is </p>
<p>huge value in this for them. Even if they don’t remember </p>
<p>much, it still expands their world and their comfort </p>
<p>zones so it’s a priority in our lives. We also love going </p>
<p>back to places we’ve visited in the past and creating new </p>
<p>memories there.</p><p>Isn’t financial advice just for old people </p>
<p>who already have mad stacks?</p><p>So what does a financial adviser actually do? Our young clients </p>
<p>come to us for many reasons. Following are some of these:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You have money left over after each pay and you’re trying </p>
<p>to decide where it should go. You may have an overarching </p>
<p>goal of paying down the mortgage, for example, but have </p>
<p>you considered how investing these funds would impact </p>
<p>your financial position? What about benefiting from </p>
<p>30+ years of compound returns inside super?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You spend what seems like a lot on things most people </p>
<p>save up for, but that’s chill because you get paid again next </p>
<p>week. This is a sure-­</p>
<p>fire predictor of major regret in a few </p>
<p>years’ time, when you stop and look back at your massive </p>
<p>cumulative income and wonder where it all went. You know </p>
<p>you should be keeping more of what you’re earning, and </p>
<p>now you’ve read the book you can see it’s possible, but if </p>
<p>you had someone holding your hand through the process it </p>
<p>would be far more effective than DIY.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>