<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>135</p><p>Ideally you’ve got eight months of pregnancy to go by the time you’ve </p>
<p>found out. This is your time to get saving if you haven’t already, </p>
<p>as while your pregnancy might be close to free, having a baby and </p>
<p>setting your home up for their arrival does cost. Keep reading for the </p>
<p>estimated costs, but this is your window to get financially prepped.</p><p>Whether or not you have any underlying health conditions, you </p>
<p>may or may not be able to work as usual while you’re pregnant. </p>
<p>Keep in mind that there may be some timing challenges as you’re </p>
<p>calculating anticipated income during these months.</p><p>Birth and setup</p><p>Costs range from around $3000 to $10 000. Remember, spend on </p>
<p>what you value most.</p><p>MEDICAL COSTS</p><p>Birthing costs will depend on where you plan to deliver. If you </p>
<p>choose a public hospital, and you have Medicare, then out-­</p>
<p>of-­</p><p>pocket costs are likely to be between $0 and $1500. Because of </p>
<p>Tash’s medical history, we chose a private hospital and our own OB/</p>
<p>GYN, and the out-­</p>
<p>of-­</p>
<p>pocket cost for each birth was about $5000. </p>
<p>That cost included multiple appointments and tests throughout the </p>
<p>pregnancy.</p><p>SETTING UP AT HOME</p><p>We received some very wise advice when we got pregnant, and now </p>
<p>pass it on to anyone who needs it.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>