<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>9</p><p>I also waste a lot of time on it.</p><p>These platforms are built to pull you in and keep you there. </p>
<p>Understand that when you take your phone to the loo, or just have </p>
<p>that quick squiz at Insta to see if you’ve got any more likes on your </p>
<p>baby spam (guilty!), you lose more than just that short amount of </p>
<p>time. You lose your train of thought on the work you were doing and </p>
<p>drain some of the remaining focus you have for the day, making it </p>
<p>far more difficult to get back to the big stuff.</p><p>2. Say it out loud</p><p>Public accountability with the right people is hugely valuable.</p><p>Ever signed up for a fun run, told everyone you’re doing it, then had </p>
<p>to pull out? If you’re anything like me, you’d bend over backwards </p>
<p>to make sure you keep your word. Same goes for big goals. Tell your </p>
<p>friends, tell your family, tell your neighbours. Go ahead and tell </p>
<p>the barista at your local cafe. The last thing you need is to have to </p>
<p>change up your local coffee spot because you’ve made exactly zero </p>
<p>progress towards your goals. The more you say it out loud, the more </p>
<p>likely you are to follow through.</p><p>A word of warning: if you have a big crazy idea, don’t let it out of the </p>
<p>bag too early. Most people won’t yet be on your wavelength. Trying </p>
<p>to paint the vision of something that doesn’t exist yet to the wrong </p>
<p>people (who are probably your nearest and dearest) is a fast way to </p>
<p>having it shut down before you get started. You need at least a few </p>
<p>success points and a sense that it’s going to work to get you past the </p>
<p>naysayers when they hear about your secret mission.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>