<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>26</p><p>Forget everyone else, be the tall poppy — this is about  your  personal </p>
<p>growth. These ideas are relevant to business owners and employees </p>
<p>alike. If you don’t embrace the importance of having a strong work </p>
<p>ethic early, you’ll miss all of the upside of being young and the </p>
<p>opportunity to set yourself up for Sufficient Funds sooner.</p><p>This is your time to take risks and push the boundaries of what you </p>
<p>think you’re capable of, but none of it will pay off without periods </p>
<p>of consistent hard work and long hours in pursuit of your dreams. </p>
<p>Get stuck in.</p><p>Buying happiness in Kuwait, and why you need </p>
<p>challenge in your life</p><p>One time at a conference I had the pleasure of hearing a keynote </p>
<p>from peak performance researcher Adam Fraser.</p><p>During his talk Dr Fraser spoke about how he was hired by the </p>
<p>Kuwaiti government to help make the country happier. The talk </p>
<p>had a number of focus points but this one stuck out, so I did </p>
<p>some digging.</p><p>It turns out that Kuwait has had an amazing history of resilience </p>
<p>and innovation. At the same time, they have amassed great wealth </p>
<p>from their three main industries, banking, telco and of course oil.</p><p>It’s well understood that in recent times their solution to almost </p>
<p>every problem has been to throw cash at it, the prime focus being </p>
<p>keeping the Kuwaiti nationals happy. Citizens enjoy many benefits </p>
<p>(not available to foreign nationals), including interest-­</p>
<p>free housing </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>