<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>111</p><p>the past. For the forward thinkers, this digital asset is a </p>
<p>revolutionary way of investing and thinking about money.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Self-­</p>
<p>serve . Crypto is bought and sold online where you </p>
<p>can make direct transactions without the need for any </p>
<p>intermediaries. You’re in charge of your own funds and </p>
<p>how to use them. With no bank involvement, and currently </p>
<p>without much government intervention, there’s no </p>
<p>overarching authority telling you what you can and can’t do </p>
<p>with your funds.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Embrace tech . This investment type is as modern as it gets. </p>
<p>We are on a tech exponential curve where understanding </p>
<p>and embracing tech is really the only option for future </p>
<p>generations. Our money world has already been upended </p>
<p>in recent years, with most of us now getting by day-­</p>
<p>to-­</p>
<p>day </p>
<p>without cash (remember coins and notes?) in our hands. </p>
<p>You already know what it’s like not to actually physically see </p>
<p>your money, so the leap to digital assets isn’t that great. If </p>
<p>you’re already fairly tech-­</p>
<p>savvy or have a desire to not be left </p>
<p>behind, this type of investment may speak to your values.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Again, who doesn’t love diversification?  Our old mate </p>
<p>Warren Buffett famously said that diversification is for </p>
<p>those investors who don’t know what they’re doing, but </p>
<p>that was well and truly pre-­</p>
<p>crypto, and long before the </p>
<p>digital self-­</p>
<p>service fintech world we now live in. I like to </p>
<p>think of diversification of your investment portfolio as </p>
<p>being humble enough to admit we don’t always have all </p>
<p>the answers, especially given the exponential rate of tech </p>
<p>advancement. So, as with the other investment types </p>
<p>outlined above, not putting all your eggs in one basket is </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>