<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Introduction</p><p>xvii</p><p>•	</p>
<p>ending up on the ‘don’t-ever-fucking-go-there’ side of town </p>
<p>everywhere we went — special mentions include nearly side-</p>
<p>swiping a car in Compton, getting stuck doing a 10-point </p>
<p>turn as we woke up locals at midnight in New Orleans, and </p>
<p>me being chased by a drug dealer with a knife through the </p>
<p>back streets of Charleston, SC (don’t ask)</p><p>•	</p>
<p>staying in a billionaire’s mansion on a lake in Ontario, </p>
<p>thanks to our well-connected Canadian buddy Blake</p><p>•	</p>
<p>seeing Ben Harper and Jack Johnson live at Jones Beach </p>
<p>Theater on Long Island, NY.</p><p>We literally drove that poor car into the ground. For the last </p>
<p>week or two smoke poured from the back as a waterfall of power-</p>
<p>steering fluid leaked onto the muffler. Every time we filled up on </p>
<p>gas we needed another bottle of fluid — another reflection on the </p>
<p>Insufficient Funds life we were living!</p><p>Before setting off on this road trip, still in Canada and gaining some </p>
<p>traction in our small community of newfound buddies, we printed </p>
<p>a bunch more Insufficient Funds shirts, hoodies and caps and set </p>
<p>off down the west coast. We funded some of the trip by selling our </p>
<p>merch to randoms along the way. We’d strike up a conversation </p>
<p>with almost anyone. They’d be drawn to us because of the accent, </p>
<p>and we’d do deals out of the boot in all sorts of dodgy places.</p><p>We were going to be the next Hurley, who sold to Nike for $60 million. </p>
<p>We’d cash in and never work a full-time job in our lives!</p><p>But … life got in the way. We went back to uni, finished our degrees, </p>
<p>put on our sensible shirts and ties, and got our full-time jobs. At the </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>