<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>151</p><p>It seemed like everyone was living their own personal version of </p>
<p>Supermarket Sweep meets the movie  Castaway , but of course </p>
<p>pandemic hell was more disastrous for some than it was for others. </p>
<p>Deep loss was felt globally as sickness and deaths mounted. Anxiety </p>
<p>levels were through the roof, permeating even the most resilient of </p>
<p>us. For some, the financial impacts included the loss of jobs and </p>
<p>businesses, and in some fields it was no longer possible to earn an </p>
<p>income at all. At the same time, for others, the pandemic offered </p>
<p>a weird way to squirrel away money that could no longer be spent. </p>
<p>Gone were the nights out, the restaurant dining, the holidays. </p>
<p>Even hair and beauty got the chop, though online purchases were </p>
<p>on the rise.</p><p>Protection</p><p>The metaphorical road to Sufficient Funds will have a few, perhaps </p>
<p>many, potholes. At times you’ll be cruising on the freeway; at others </p>
<p>your wheels will be spinning in the sand. Some will be completely </p>
<p>wiped off the road by a landslide, avalanche, flood or earthquake. </p>
<p>You may be prevented from working, and earning, by serious illness </p>
<p>or injury.  In such a circumstance, how long could you survive </p>
<p>financially without selling everything you own? Pause for a minute </p>
<p>to think about this.</p><p>For most people, once sick leave and any emergency fund runs out, </p>
<p>not being able to work stops their financial plan dead in its tracks, </p>
<p>and will likely lead to their selling assets and/or having to survive </p>
<p>on insufficient government assistance. This is not your answer and </p>
<p>neither is it a sound protection plan.</p><p>There’s always self-­</p>
<p>insurance, right? Definitely. For some.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>