<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>5</p><p>We’ve had challenging times when mindset was just as crucial, </p>
<p>including fertility and health challenges, stepping through surgeries </p>
<p>and IVF, and helping our premmie newborn through major health </p>
<p>challenges in the first few months of his life. Mindset, above all else, </p>
<p>is what’s left when everything else is depleted.</p><p>From these real-­</p>
<p>life experiences, here are my three super-­</p>
<p>basic but </p>
<p>proven tips for framing your positive mindset for financial wellbeing:</p><p>1.	  Avoid negativity.  You’ve heard this a thousand times. If </p>
<p>they’re not building you up, they’re bringing you down. </p>
<p>Remove the people in your life who bring you down or don’t </p>
<p>believe in you.</p><p>2.	  Keep your head up  ( literally).  Okay, hear me out on this </p>
<p>one. Without delving into any of the science behind this, </p>
<p>stand tall as a giraffe and keep your posture like that of a </p>
<p>soldier reporting for duty. Not only will it make you look </p>
<p>like you’re ready to take on the world, but it will also give </p>
<p>you the mindset of a champion. Because when you stand </p>
<p>tall and confident, you’ll feel like you can conquer any </p>
<p>challenge that comes your way, and achieve all the goals </p>
<p>you’ve set for yourself.</p><p>3.	  Create a series of small wins . Celebrate your small </p>
<p>financial victories and use these as fuel to propel yourself </p>
<p>towards the bigger goals. We’ll dive into your big goals </p>
<p>shortly. When we get there you’ll have a list. The first step </p>
<p>is to break that list down into much smaller daily tasks. Do </p>
<p>one thing every day to build momentum. Do this for a full </p>
<p>fortnight and it will blow your mind how far you’ve come.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>