<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>40</p><p>The snowball will work better if you’re an achiever who likes to </p>
<p>tick off milestones. Hitting the smallest debt first will remove </p>
<p>it from your life, and you’ll have fewer payments to worry about </p>
<p>moving forward.</p><p>If I had to lean in one direction, I’d opt for the snowball as most </p>
<p>money issues stem from behaviour and, fundamentally, just staring </p>
<p>at the numbers and relying on this only works for a select few of us </p>
<p>(definitely not me!).</p><p>Debt disruption strategies: creative </p>
<p>ways to pay off debt</p><p>If you’ve taken the approach with your bank accounts that so long </p>
<p>as you don’t log in all will be fine, make today the day you lift up </p>
<p>the bonnet and take a look. Ignorance is not bliss when it comes to </p>
<p>your money, or lack thereof. I’ve seen this all too often. You’re far </p>
<p>better off dealing with it now, so read on. I’m confident this chapter </p>
<p>will provide you with the rocket fuel to smash any debts. No more </p>
<p>boring debt reduction plans. Time to get creative and, I dare say, </p>
<p>even enjoy the process of smashing those bills!</p><p>There are plenty of traditional methods and advice for paying </p>
<p>off debt, most of which have some value. You’ve heard them </p>
<p>all before: create a budget, spend less than you earn, cut up that </p>
<p>inessential credit card, earn more, make higher repayments, set up </p>
<p>forced savings, pay the highest interest rate first, automate your </p>
<p>repayments, consolidate your debts … </p><p>I’ve spent more than a decade helping people with these types of </p>
<p>strategies, and with the right mindset and consistency they do </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>