<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>14</p><p>stuff and your latest shopping list, but what comes next often takes </p>
<p>some serious prompting.</p><p>This is where the magic happens. Some would challenge the idea </p>
<p>that true goal-­</p>
<p>setting is beyond the realm of financial advice but I </p>
<p>call total BS on this. Once you’re clear on your purpose and you’ve </p>
<p>put all thoughts of the dollars aside, you start to remember all of </p>
<p>the things that are important to you. If you don’t do this first, any </p>
<p>money plans will eventually fall over, or will not lead you to where </p>
<p>you really want to be.</p><p>To help you think past your immediate shopping list, I want to show </p>
<p>you what I’d typically suggest to clients when the time is right.</p><p>Here are my three steps to helping you achieve bigger adventures </p>
<p>and get more out of life.</p><p>Step 1: Deal with ‘you’</p><p>It can be uncomfortable imagining ourselves in a better position. </p>
<p>Over time the inevitable hurdles of life can chip away at our </p>
<p>confidence and ability to dream.</p><p>The good news is that this is temporary and reversible.</p><p>Make a short list of what you would call your strengths and </p>
<p>weaknesses; aim for three of each. Start with strengths, as these </p>
<p>are usually easier to bring to the surface. With weaknesses, think </p>
<p>about recent times you’ve failed to achieve something. Maybe you </p>
<p>thought about starting a business but didn’t get it off the ground, or </p>
<p>you failed to reach a weight-­</p>
<p>loss goal or a savings target for a holiday </p>
<p>and you’re still paying off the credit card. What is it about you that </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>