<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>184</p><p>you may be well on your way to effectively managing your own </p>
<p>finances. Nonetheless, it may still be a good idea to seek input from </p>
<p>a professional for these reasons:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Expertise   (We’re self-­</p>
<p>admitted money nerds) . Financial </p>
<p>advisers are qualified professionals with expertise in many </p>
<p>aspects of personal finance. We have a deep understanding </p>
<p>of investment, super, tax and insurance strategies and can </p>
<p>help you wade through the associated minefields!</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Access to tools, resources and platforms   (We’ve got the </p>
<p>goods) . We have access to a world of sophisticated software, </p>
<p>analysis and projection tools and other resources that </p>
<p>are exclusively for professional use. Utilising these allows </p>
<p>us to build a Money Action Plan (MAP) ™  that gives you </p>
<p>full insight into the future impact of current financial </p>
<p>decisions.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Holistic approach   (We do life and money) . We take into </p>
<p>consideration your entire money and life situation including </p>
<p>personal goals and risk tolerance, and money aspects such </p>
<p>as your budget, savings, investments, tax planning and </p>
<p>retirement requirements. From this a financial plan can be </p>
<p>created that ensures all of the above aspects are integrated </p>
<p>into a comprehensive strategy.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Coaching and behavioural guidance   (We’ve got your </p>
<p>back!) . We’re all about epic, genuine relationships. As I’m </p>
<p>sure you’ve gathered by this point in the book, financial </p>
<p>planning for us is about way more than money. Having </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>