<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>77</p><p>accumulates offsetting interest on her mortgage. This is one </p>
<p>way to make your money really work for you.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Her emergency fund is full. Her adventure fund is also full. </p>
<p>In fact, not only has she prepaid her upcoming month in </p>
<p>Argentina, but she’s a year ahead with this. This allows her </p>
<p>to book her next adventure from the last one so she always </p>
<p>has something to look forward to.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>She and her partner Jake are actively planning to start a </p>
<p>family. They’re jointly saving to their baby fund, allowing </p>
<p>them enough to get through the income fluctuations </p>
<p>of having two children and each of them going back to </p>
<p>working four days a week (see chapter 4 for how you </p>
<p>can do this).</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Investment : As soon as she had enough money in her </p>
<p>house deposit fund, she shifted her thinking around </p>
<p>her investment portfolio to the longer term. This has </p>
<p>become her future financial freedom fund, allowing </p>
<p>flexibility around how much she works from age 50 or 55 </p>
<p>onwards. This stack will reach sufficient height when it </p>
<p>can generate an annual $500 000 of additional income, </p>
<p>so she’s investing enough to get this to $1 million. This </p>
<p>allows her to significantly reduce her work hours, or even </p>
<p>stop work if she wants to, once the mortgage has been </p>
<p>paid off, and it gets her safely to her preservation age </p>
<p>(In short, when she can access super, discussed later in </p>
<p>this chapter).</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>