<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>180</p><p>important the causes you still really care about are the ones </p>
<p>receiving your hard-­</p>
<p>earned.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You want to shift the scales of work–life integration . </p>
<p>Remember, a key element of achieving Sufficient Funds isn’t </p>
<p>about stopping work forever; it’s about enjoying the work </p>
<p>you do so you don’t feel the need to escape it. So work–life </p>
<p>balance becomes more about integration. Are you still </p>
<p>enjoying the work you’re doing? Are you getting enough </p>
<p>time outside of work to explore other joys in life?</p><p>It may seem like a pipe dream to take a break from work or </p>
<p>to shift from full-­</p>
<p>time to part-­</p>
<p>time in order to align the way </p>
<p>you spend the time you have and your values, but at some </p>
<p>point, when you can see your finances looking a little more </p>
<p>chunky, and your confidence creeps up, you may have a </p>
<p>different perspective on how you want to spend your days.</p><p>It’s a constant juggling act, and we have regular </p>
<p>conversations with our clients around ensuring that their </p>
<p>Money Action Plan (MAP) ™   continues to link back to their </p>
<p>highest priorities. If you get this right, everything flows and </p>
<p>life is good.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You need to turn to a contingency plan . This means your </p>
<p>emergency fund (chapter 2) or your life and income </p>
<p>protection insurances (chapter 4). Did you have to use your </p>
<p>emergency fund and wish it had been larger? Experience </p>
<p>guides our future decisions so a mishap can often lead to a </p>
<p>better decision next time. Your appetite for risk can change </p>
<p>temporarily or more permanently.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>