<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>94</p><p>ETFs pool together funds from many investors to purchase a mix </p>
<p>of shares, bonds or other assets. As the name suggests, they are </p>
<p>traded on stock exchanges like individual stocks, and as such </p>
<p>they allow huge instant diversification across a range of asset </p>
<p>classes. Buying on a stock exchange means you use a stockbroker </p>
<p>as described above, and pay a fee (known as brokerage) for </p>
<p>each purchase.</p><p>Benefits of investing in ETFs include:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Flexibility . You can buy and sell ETFs in the same way as </p>
<p>you would shares in an individual company.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Diversify your portfolio . Achieving a higher rate of </p>
<p>diversification with ETFs than you would with direct shares </p>
<p>is just one of the advantages. ETFs enable diversification </p>
<p>across a wide range of asset classes (think cash, shares, </p>
<p>property, infrastructure), as well as regions (go global!) </p>
<p>and sectors.</p><p>Pitfalls that you’ll need to watch out for with ETFs include:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Risk is real . Although your investment may be more </p>
<p>diversified in an ETF than with single share picks, market </p>
<p>risk can be just as high. Again, take this volatility into </p>
<p>account and make sure you can afford the impact to your </p>
<p>overall investments should markets fall steeply.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>This isn’t ‘choose your own adventure’ . You won’t have </p>
<p>as much choice or control of the underlying assets that </p>
<p>make up an ETF as you would with direct shares, where </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>