<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Introduction</p><p>xxv</p><p>Firstly, to make FIRE work, you need to be one very ‘special’ human, </p>
<p>someone who thrives on frugality, because you will spend years, </p>
<p>even decades, spending next to nothing, saving like crazy, likely </p>
<p>working a job you don’t enjoy, to eventually quit and live off the </p>
<p>pennies you’ve managed to squirrel away.</p><p>It might surprise you, but even as a financial guy, most extremely </p>
<p>frugal people irk me. If you can live a low-cost life and be happy </p>
<p>doing all the things you want to do, that’s truly amazing. Good </p>
<p>for you, but for the most part frugality is about extreme sacrifice. </p>
<p>Spending nothing and as a result having no fun, is not a pathway </p>
<p>I’m chasing. I’ve found too many fun things I love to do — think </p>
<p>heli-skiing, mountain biking and regular travel — things that cost </p>
<p>money and that I don’t want to wait until I’m 65 to enjoy.</p><p>If you spend the best part of your work life saving a high percentage </p>
<p>of your income, you’ll actually find it difficult to unwind from this </p>
<p>behaviour when you’re finally able to stop and enjoy it. Look at Jack </p>
<p>Welch, storied president of General Electric. He had a heart attack </p>
<p>that nearly killed him at age 70. He said his biggest regret was how </p>
<p>tight he’d been with his money. Growing up without much meant </p>
<p>he squirrelled it all away. Even with his huge income and assets, he </p>
<p>still wouldn’t allow himself to stop and enjoy it, until it was almost </p>
<p>too late. For your sake, I sincerely hope this isn’t you, but if it is, this </p>
<p>book will be insanely helpful in showing you how to achieve your </p>
<p>version of Sufficient while allowing you to live  now .</p><p>Another issue with FIRE is that you must rely heavily on consistent </p>
<p>investment returns. The spreadsheet you downloaded from Mr Money </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Moustache’s site — Google him, he’s a bit of a hero, but not someone </p>
<p>99 per cent of us are likely to be able to emulate — is tracking your </p>
<p>daily, weekly, monthly progress towards Financial Independence. </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>