<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>41</p><p>work, but none of them are very exciting or creative. Often the best </p>
<p>strategy for paying off debt is to keep it interesting, to shake things </p>
<p>up. I want to show you some ways to make this happen.</p><p>This is by no means an all-­</p>
<p>encompassing list, but here’s some </p>
<p>less conventional, sometimes even controversial ways to get you </p>
<p>thinking more creatively about paying off debt and freeing yourself </p>
<p>from this mess.</p><p>Find some quick wins</p><p>Quick wins give you a feeling of accomplishment and this positive </p>
<p>reinforcement helps you to develop positive habits. They keep </p>
<p>you motivated to continue along your path and push through </p>
<p>difficult barriers.</p><p>Develop a habit with a series of quick wins. This will help you </p>
<p>build the foundations of staying on top of your finances and make </p>
<p>it seem effortless.</p><p>Foil the fraudsters</p><p>This is huge yet most of the peeps aren’t doing it. Check all </p>
<p>your credit and debit card statements for bank or merchant </p>
<p>errors as well as fraud. I usually do this about once a month. I </p>
<p>go back through every item and make sure I know what it was. </p>
<p>I’ve wrongfully (generously?) paid for all sorts of things on my </p>
<p>credit card, from a women-­</p>
<p>only gym membership in Brisbane to </p>
<p>a Chinese restaurant in Mexico City and, most recently, someone </p>
<p>else’s phone bill. It’s happened to me at least 10 times over the past </p>
<p>few years, and this checking exercise alone has helped me claw </p>
<p>back more than $4000.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>