<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>74</p><p>Of course, the specifics of how this applies to you, compared with </p>
<p>the next individual, couple or family, will vary dramatically based </p>
<p>on your goals, your target timeframes for these and the flexibility of </p>
<p>these if something goes wrong.</p><p>One way to think about it is as ‘return on investment’, or ROI as </p>
<p>we money nerds know it. Your ROI is most easily thought of as a </p>
<p>percentage. If I invest $100 today, and it’s worth $107 in 12 months’ </p>
<p>time, I’ve made an ROI of 7 per cent for the year it’s been invested.</p><p>When it comes to adding cash to your debt stack, I want you to </p>
<p>think about your ROI as how much you will save, and for the other </p>
<p>three (savings, investment, super) as how much you will make. You </p>
<p>can then use the resulting percentage as a way of comparing the </p>
<p>benefit. Let’s go a bit deeper. Your ROI for directing your spare cash </p>
<p>to debt is equal to the interest rate on the debt you are paying off; </p>
<p>for example, if you have a home loan with a rate of 6 per cent, then </p>
<p>adding cash to this (paying it down) saves you 6 per cent. With </p>
<p>investments your ROI is either the income or the growth (increase </p>
<p>in value over time), or both. For example, the ROI of cash in the </p>
<p>bank is equal to the interest rate received; however, the ROI for an </p>
<p>investment in shares is equal to the growth in value plus the income </p>
<p>received (more on income from shares, or dividends, coming up).</p><p>If it’s HELP/HECS debt, then the ROI is a little more unpredictable. </p>
<p>In Australia this debt is indexed each year at the start of June for all </p>
<p>debt that has been outstanding for more than 11 months. Indexation </p>
<p>means the government applies a percentage increase to the debt, </p>
<p>just as a bank applies interest to a loan. Therefore, when thinking </p>
<p>about paying off HELP/HECS your ROI is equal to the indexation </p>
<p>percentage, announced each year around April or May.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>