<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>39</p><p>steps you can take to get back in control of your finances and start </p>
<p>feeling confident again.</p><p>In this chapter we explore some practical tips and strategies that can </p>
<p>help you tackle your debt and keep rolling towards Sufficient Funds!</p><p>The good ol’ snowball vs avalanche</p><p>There are two commonly known methods for smashing multiple </p>
<p>debts such as credit cards and personal loans. The  debt avalanche  </p>
<p>involves making minimum payments on all debt, then using any </p>
<p>remaining money to pay off the debt with the highest interest rate. The </p>
<p>debt snowball  involves paying off the smallest debts first to get them </p>
<p>out of the way before moving on to the bigger ones (see figure 2.1).</p><p>The best method for you depends on whether you’re driven </p>
<p>by behaviour and reward (snowball) or pure financial benefit </p>
<p>(avalanche). Chances are it’s the former. You’ll save more interest </p>
<p>with the avalanche but this doesn’t help if you feel like you’re getting </p>
<p>nowhere chipping away at what might also be the biggest debt and </p>
<p>therefore the slowest to kill.</p><p>SNOWBALL</p>
<p>AVALANCHE</p><p>Figure 2.1: Smashing debt: snowball vs avalanche</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>