<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>104</p><p>Generally, a mortgage broker will have access to many lenders. Our </p>
<p>team has nearly 50 lenders on their panel. They can shop around all </p>
<p>the big banks, but also access those lower-­</p>
<p>tier and specialist lenders </p>
<p>if this is helpful. You’ll receive a comparison, generally of three of </p>
<p>the most suitable lenders and loan products, and you can then make </p>
<p>a decision on who you feel most comfortable with.</p><p>Just as with a financial adviser, you’ll want a mortgage broker who </p>
<p>listens to you, who you feel comfortable working with and who </p>
<p>answers all of your questions in a way that makes sense to you. </p>
<p>If you’re ever made to feel dumb, this is their problem not yours. </p>
<p>There are plenty available, so keep on moving until you find a good </p>
<p>fit for you!</p><p>Here are a few benefits to help determine if an investment property </p>
<p>is right for you:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>If you can’t beat inflation, join it . If there is one risk </p>
<p>guaranteed to eat into the value of your hard-­</p>
<p>earned </p>
<p>dollars, it’s the increasing cost of living. The good news is </p>
<p>that the Australian property market generally rises with </p>
<p>inflation. So, while you can’t do much about the rising cost </p>
<p>of a coldie (I was stung $18.50 for a pint last week!), there’s a </p>
<p>decent chance your big chunky assets are also increasing in </p>
<p>value at least at the rate of everything else around you.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Capital gains … ca-­</p>
<p>ching!  The most obvious reason to invest </p>
<p>in property is to benefit from long-­</p>
<p>term growth in the </p>
<p>property market. Australian residential property increased </p>
<p>by 382 per cent over the 30 years to 2022, which is an </p>
<p>annual average of 5.4 per cent. So if you add rental income, </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>