<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>56</p><p>Day-­to-­day accounts</p><p>Let’s break down all the accounts you’re going to need day-­</p>
<p>to-­</p>
<p>day.</p><p>2. BILLS AND EXPENSES</p><p>This is the new engine room for your finances!  Ideally, whether </p>
<p>you’re single, a couple or have a massive family, keep one account </p>
<p>for bills. Everyone should have debit card access. Label your cards </p>
<p>and remember which is which for tapping your phone, as you’ll also </p>
<p>have one or two more cards for the fun stuff.</p><p>All income goes in here (your salary and any dividends or rental </p>
<p>income). All living expenses go through here. If you have a credit </p>
<p>card, pay it off, ideally in full, from this account each pay. Tap, EFT </p>
<p>or BPAY all living expense bills from this account.</p><p>Working on combining finances for the first time? This is a great </p>
<p>place to start as you’ll find a lot of these are joint costs. If you’re not </p>
<p>ready to have both incomes coming into the same joint account and </p>
<p>want to keep things ‘even’, try agreeing on a fixed amount each pay </p>
<p>that is transferred into this one for all joint costs. Don’t force it. If </p>
<p>you’re not both ready to do this, it’s not urgent. You’ll know when </p>
<p>the time is right.</p><p>Card access required:  YES</p>
<p>Starting balance before pay lands:  One month’s ‘living’ costs </p>
<p>(from Tab 2 in the budget template, not lifestyle).</p><p>3. LIFESTYLE</p><p>All lifestyle costs, as previously categorised. No bills.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>