<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>133</p><p>can cost a further $2000. In some states, pre-­</p>
<p>fertility screening is </p>
<p>rebatable and there are government initiatives to help reduce other </p>
<p>costs. For example, since 2021 in New South Wales, eligible patients’ </p>
<p>out-­</p>
<p>of-­</p>
<p>pocket costs for a total cycle at some public clinics can be </p>
<p>reduced to just over $1000. Public hospital waiting lists may apply in </p>
<p>some states at various times, so keep this in mind. Generally, you’ll </p>
<p>pay a little more for your first round, and a little less for subsequent </p>
<p>rounds, should they be needed. If attempts are unsuccessful and </p>
<p>should you have frozen embryos available, the costs of a round are </p>
<p>roughly halved.</p><p>You may be able to pay for IVF with super. Definitely seek advice </p>
<p>before even contemplating going down this path, but in general </p>
<p>terms, it is sometimes allowed under the condition of release </p>
<p>known as compassionate grounds. You will need to meet strict </p>
<p>requirements, including the provision of an invoice from a relevant </p>
<p>registered medical professional.</p><p>There are also some options around payment plans with fertility </p>
<p>providers that may be worth checking out. Of course, nothing like </p>
<p>this is ever free, so make sure it makes financial sense for you.</p><p>EGG FREEZING</p><p>I see many clients whose plans include having kids one day but not </p>
<p>right now. Egg freezing is the process of storing unfertilised eggs for </p>
<p>a later date. Frozen eggs can remain viable on ice for many years and </p>
<p>the process is becoming increasingly common. At present, Medicare </p>
<p>rebates (and some public hospital access) will only cover egg freezing </p>
<p>if there is a health risk to fertility such as endometriosis or cancer, </p>
<p>so elective egg freezing comes at full cost through private providers.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>