<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>15</p><p>made these goals difficult? You don’t need to fix these areas in your </p>
<p>life but you need to be aware of them and to be honest with yourself </p>
<p>so you can work around it when the time comes.</p><p>This might make you uncomfortable, but if you don’t know yourself </p>
<p>well enough the next two steps will be fruitless. Take out your phone </p>
<p>or a pen and get started! If you get stuck, ask someone close to you, </p>
<p>your partner or a good friend, to help out.</p><p>I used the CliftonStrengths Top 5 Talent Assessment to find my </p>
<p>strengths. This test is used by the biggest companies in the world </p>
<p>to help their staff understand their talents and maximise their </p>
<p>potential. It’s not expensive and is well worth doing when you </p>
<p>consider the positive impact. You’ll wind up with a ranked list of </p>
<p>your top five strengths and plenty of detail on what it all means. You </p>
<p>can pay a bit more and get a full list of 34.</p><p>Far better to amplify your strengths than to get too caught up in </p>
<p>your weaknesses. Be aware of them, certainly; create strategies to </p>
<p>work around these weaknesses, work to complement your skills </p>
<p>and move on. You’ll already know your shortcomings, and rubbing </p>
<p>it in isn’t overly helpful. Put your strengths in the spotlight and </p>
<p>go for it!</p><p>Every time I see my list of strengths, they strike a chord. I know </p>
<p>they’re 100 per cent accurate, which also confirms why I love the </p>
<p>work I do.</p><p>You’ll find they’re relevant not only in your career or business, but </p>
<p>in everything you do. The process will give you massive confidence </p>
<p>when it comes to learning more about yourself and preparing you for </p>
<p>the next steps in this book. Remember, a key element of achieving </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>