<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>179</p><p>your friendships and relationships with family members. </p>
<p>There’s always a delicate balance here, but relationships are </p>
<p>a strong source of wellbeing, and they need to align with </p>
<p>your money plan.</p><p>On the family front you may have thought you knew what </p>
<p>you wanted your future family to look like, but has this </p>
<p>changed? Can you now see yourself having more kids, fewer </p>
<p>kids, are step kids now in the picture? Is the timing and </p>
<p>process of starting a family now looking a little different </p>
<p>from the way it did when you first defined it?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Your enthusiasm for your current line of work has changed . </p>
<p>Feeling stagnant at work? Perhaps a career change or a </p>
<p>new business is on the cards? Are you keen to explore and </p>
<p>develop your public speaking skills, or is it time to enrol in </p>
<p>a new course that will help you get the next big promotion </p>
<p>at work? Or have you graduated and sworn that you’ll never </p>
<p>pick up another textbook in your life? Guess what, you now </p>
<p>have a heap of free time. How are you going to use it?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Your desire to give back dials up a notch . I discussed this at </p>
<p>length earlier in this chapter so you can refer to this as you </p>
<p>review how your current actions and financial plan support </p>
<p>your philanthropic goals and desire for social impact.</p><p>As you learn and grow through life your perspectives shift </p>
<p>and your priorities change. With charities you might set </p>
<p>up a direct debit that runs monthly and becomes set and </p>
<p>forget. (Great automation! See chapter 2.) However, just like </p>
<p>your 14 streaming services, these can easily be forgotten, </p>
<p>and since your resources for giving are likely to be finite it’s </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>