<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>10</p><p>3. Learn to say no</p><p>If you’re anything like me you’ll see an opportunity to help, a new </p>
<p>business idea or something that seems like a lot of fun, everywhere </p>
<p>you look. You’ll find it incredibly challenging to have eight careers </p>
<p>or start multiple businesses all at once.</p><p>I’ve had to train myself to avoid shiny object syndrome by pausing </p>
<p>and holding the mirror up to see if it aligns with my values. Saying </p>
<p>no to anything that doesn’t align is imperative.</p><p>Remember that when you find your purpose, you’re working towards </p>
<p>the most fulfilling life you could possibly live. Anything that draws </p>
<p>you away from this needs to be treated with the kind of disdain </p>
<p>you’d direct at a used bandaid in a public pool.</p><p>4. Don’t compare</p><p>When you find your purpose, you gain the opportunity to live a life </p>
<p>true to that purpose. Nothing in the world is more valuable and </p>
<p>fulfilling than this.</p><p>We’ll dive into this in chapter 2, but be careful not to look next door </p>
<p>to see what your neighbour’s life looks like. They don’t have your </p>
<p>skills, your ideals or your purpose. What ultimately makes them </p>
<p>tick won’t be the same as what does it for you. Do yourself a favour </p>
<p>and leave them out of it!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>