<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Introduction</p><p>xix</p><p>My parents were, and are still, comfortable but certainly not rich. </p>
<p>They are a great example of people who spend money in line </p>
<p> </p>
<p>with their values. They’re also proof that the idea of ‘experiences not </p>
<p>things’ was around long before it was meme’d and made Instapopular. </p>
<p>We were very lucky to have seen a good chunk of the world as kids, </p>
<p>mostly on a shoestring, but we weren’t rocking the new Nikes and </p>
<p>I’m pretty sure I was in high school before I finally got my first pair </p>
<p>of Quiksilver school shorts.</p><p>Some of these parental decisions were torture for me at the time, </p>
<p>but looking back I came to see that without big incomes they did </p>
<p>a cracking job of setting themselves up and giving my sister Kate </p>
<p>and me a fantastic start. So from a young age I understood what </p>
<p>Sufficient meant.</p><p>Fast forward a decade, with my university degree in hand, I ended </p>
<p>up in finance. Initially I donned the suit and tie, sat in the corporate </p>
<p>office looking over Sydney Harbour and embraced the wisdom of the </p>
<p>suits who surrounded me. Over time, though, the pull of creating </p>
<p>something more meaningful took over in me. The idea of focusing </p>
<p>on what was truly Sufficient and being true to who I really was led </p>
<p> </p>
<p>me to ditch the suits and ties for boardies and T-shirts — and I never </p>
<p>looked back.</p><p>Since then I’ve done a few more things to work towards both </p>
<p>defining my version of Sufficient and achieving it. For the past </p>
<p>two decades I have been working in the money world, helping </p>
<p>individuals, couples and families with their money decisions and </p>
<p>financial planning. Looking back on these years, I know I was </p>
<p>absolutely destined to be where I am right now and I don’t regret a </p>
<p>thing. My wife Tash and I have built a business, Sufficient Funds, that </p>
<p>serves people in a way that truly makes their world better. In turn, </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>