<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>126</p><p>is temporary. So use your funds, make these hard-­</p>
<p>saved dollars work </p>
<p>for you now to build the steps up and out of the rut. Then focus on </p>
<p>the next step: rebuilding your emergency fund.</p><p>Once you’ve used your emergency fund and things are starting </p>
<p>to get back on track, STOP! Remember Cruise Control: Your </p>
<p>Spending Plan ensured your excess funds from each pay flowed </p>
<p>into all the right places. In chapter 3 I talked about some of this </p>
<p>excess potentially going into investments or super or both. If you’ve </p>
<p>depleted your emergency fund, your priority needs to be rebuilding </p>
<p>it. Decide what you’re going to stop contributing to while you </p>
<p>rebuild your buffer.</p><p>Maybe you aren’t having that big trip this year. Divert your holiday </p>
<p>funds to the emergency fund. Perhaps you were saving for your third </p>
<p>child but the two you have are more than a handful and you’re not </p>
<p>ready to commit to Kia Carnival life (just yet anyway). Divert these </p>
<p>funds. You can also slow down on your investment contributions, </p>
<p>just temporarily, if you absolutely must.</p><p>Remember: emergency fund filled, then fun.</p><p>Be purposeful. Remember how frickin’ relieved you were to have </p>
<p>that buffer to call on when you needed it? Let that motivate you to </p>
<p>regain that original nice round number you started with.</p><p>Finally, congratulate yourself! As difficult as it was to go through, </p>
<p>this was made possible by your planning ahead and dealing with </p>
<p>a problem independently. Being financially secure is one of the </p>
<p>most common objectives we hear our clients talk about day in, day </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>