<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>89</p><p>the ATO. Additionally, there are some restrictions on the types of </p>
<p>investments you can make through a family trust.</p><p>4. Using a company</p><p>Investing through a company is another option to consider. This </p>
<p>structure can provide tax benefits, as the company tax rate is </p>
<p>generally lower than the individual tax rate. The current company </p>
<p>tax rate in Australia is either 25 per cent or 30 per cent, depending on </p>
<p>turnover and the percentage of total income for the company that is </p>
<p>passive income (significantly lower than the top individual tax rate </p>
<p>of 45 per cent). This means that if you invest through a company, </p>
<p>any income or capital gains generated from your investments will </p>
<p>be taxed at this lower rate.</p><p>However, there are some downsides to using a company. Setting up </p>
<p>and running a company can be costly and time-­</p>
<p>consuming. You’ll </p>
<p>need to register your company with the Australian Securities and </p>
<p>Investments Commission (ASIC), and you’ll need to comply with a </p>
<p>range of legal and regulatory requirements. A company is also not </p>
<p>able to claim what is known as the capital gains tax discount. This </p>
<p>50 per cent discount applies to assets personally owned, but not </p>
<p>company owned, whereby you can claim a 50 per cent discount for </p>
<p>any asset you sell for a gain, as long as the asset was held for longer </p>
<p>than 12 months.</p><p>5. Superannuation</p><p>A lot of people see super as an investment, rather than as a tax </p>
<p>structure. Please understand that a tax structure is all it is. You choose </p>
<p>your investments within super, but it is not itself an ‘investment’.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>