<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>81</p><p>The share market is volatile, and it can be risky. If you invest there, </p>
<p>you need to be prepared to weather the ups and downs, and generally </p>
<p>this means having time on your side (usually at least five to seven </p>
<p>years). If you’re saving up for a house deposit and you’re on track for </p>
<p>achieving this sooner than, say, three years, you might not have the </p>
<p>luxury of waiting for the markets to recover.</p><p>So you need to think about your investment strategy in a different </p>
<p>way. You might consider investing in a high-­</p>
<p>interest savings account </p>
<p>or term deposit, which will provide a lower-­</p>
<p>risk way to grow your </p>
<p>money. In Australia, you could also consider the First Home Super </p>
<p>Saver Scheme as a tax-­</p>
<p>effective option to build wealth, without the </p>
<p>same risk as the share market, as well as some great tax benefits that </p>
<p>will further enhance your return.</p><p>But let’s say your goal is different. Along with many of our clients, </p>
<p>you might want to create a financial freedom fund that allows you </p>
<p>to reduce your work hours when you hit 45 years old to work on </p>
<p>your side-­</p>
<p>hustle, spend more time with the family or take extended </p>
<p>breaks to explore the world. In that case, your investment strategy </p>
<p>will be different. You might need to consider a mix of investments </p>
<p>that provide both growth and income to fund your lifestyle.</p><p>Or perhaps you’re funding private schooling for your kids (chapter 4). </p>
<p>Private education can be expensive, so it’s important to start </p>
<p>planning and investing early. You could consider education bonds </p>
<p>or investment accounts that offer tax benefits and are specifically </p>
<p>designed for education expenses.</p><p>But here’s the thing: life changes. We all know that, and these days </p>
<p>the rate of change is a lot faster than it was for our parents. You might </p>
<p>set a goal today and find that in a year’s time your circumstances </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>