<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>34</p><p>cost inefficiencies, there’ll be little to no profit left and your </p>
<p>business will run out of cash.</p><p>Think about your personal money life in the same way. Your salary </p>
<p>is your revenue. Your profit is the money left over after all your </p>
<p>spending. Success isn’t in your $50k, $150k or $300k salary. This is </p>
<p>only part of the equation. Many of the people I work with earn half </p>
<p>as much as the big earner and still save more.</p><p>There’s a tunnel vision that takes over when life revolves around </p>
<p>‘make money, spend money’, and there’s not much light at the end </p>
<p>of it. But once you’re in the tunnel, it can be hard to find the exit. </p>
<p>It’s addictive. Why? Because the act of spending itself becomes the </p>
<p>‘reward’. So you put in the hard yards just for the joy of spending </p>
<p>the big bucks, not necessarily for what you are left with at the end </p>
<p>of the day.</p><p>When Tash and I were in our late 20s we were working long, </p>
<p>stressful hours but the money was good. Those Insufficient Funds </p>
<p>ATM slips were a distant memory and we’d made the shift from our </p>
<p>uni days when it was all time and no money to the polar opposite.</p><p>After funding the wedding we made a great start by purchasing our </p>
<p>first home and an investment property within 18 months, but we </p>
<p>didn’t have the mental capacity or, more important, the systems in </p>
<p>place to make good financial decisions.</p><p>We did a fair bit of what I would call binge spending. There were </p>
<p>expensive overseas trips, business-­</p>
<p>class flights, luxury resort stays, </p>
<p>and lots of eating out and takeaways. With no time to think, we </p>
<p>made money decisions on the fly, with little or no consequences if </p>
<p>we overspent as we could rely on being paid again next fortnight.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>