<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>93</p><p>Potential watchouts include:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Fees can add up . Most of these apps operate with monthly </p>
<p>fees, which are subject to future increases. These need to </p>
<p>be taken into account when you look at the overall value of </p>
<p>your investment. If you have an account set up, but aren’t </p>
<p>using it, the monthly fees may still be deducted.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Fewer options, less control . Not every share is available. </p>
<p>Micro-­</p>
<p>investing apps may offer a limited selection of </p>
<p>investment options, which may not suit you, particularly if </p>
<p>you’re an experienced investor or have a specific desire to </p>
<p>stick to or avoid certain types of shares for ethical reasons. </p>
<p>Your investment carries the same risks as all other share </p>
<p>investments. The share market has safer and more volatile </p>
<p>shares. You choose your risk tolerance, but you don’t get to </p>
<p>choose specific shares.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Cool your swipe finger . It’s an app, not a game. In an </p>
<p>increasingly gamified world, having access to your share </p>
<p>investments with the swipe of your phone screen may </p>
<p>benefit some, but is a risk if you forget you’re playing with </p>
<p>real funds, especially if you see quick wins!</p><p>Exchange-­traded funds (ETFs)</p><p>Think of ETFs as a way to pool your stacks so you have more buying </p>
<p>power, like chipping in with mates for holiday accommodation. You </p>
<p>can afford a more expensive place to stay and enjoy the benefits that </p>
<p>this brings, like access to more facilities or a better location.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>