<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>171</p><p>resonate on an emotional level so I feel motivated to </p>
<p>support their work wholeheartedly?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Do I prefer to help a stranger or someone I know?  (No </p>
<p>one said you have to donate to an organisation; it may be </p>
<p>much more meaningful to you if you can personally see </p>
<p>the impact.)</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Do I want to contribute to a variety of causes?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Is it important to me that the charity has good standing so </p>
<p>I can be confident my dollars end up where they will really </p>
<p>count?  If transparency and accountability are key, check </p>
<p>out choice.com.au for a charity checklist and how to avoid </p>
<p>being scammed. You can do your own research by checking </p>
<p>out an organisation’s publicly available info. Look for details </p>
<p>on how they allocate funds, how they measure impact, and </p>
<p>how they report their results. Do they share evidence of </p>
<p>regular audits and financial info (as all nonprofits should)?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>An organisation may be reputable, but how efficiently and </p>
<p>effectively do they deploy your donations?  You could do a </p>
<p>deeper dive and compare their admin expenses and their </p>
<p>program expenses. Do they have a proven record of effective </p>
<p>programs and initiatives? Ideally you’ll want to donate to </p>
<p>organisations who invest a significant chunk of their budget </p>
<p>directly into programs rather than into admin costs.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>How can my donation have the greatest impact?  Sometimes </p>
<p>a few bucks here or there can feel like it won’t make much </p>
<p>difference to the big causes. A little bit of research can help </p>
<p>you find opportunities that extend your donations, such as </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>