<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>163</p><p>Stay authentic</p><p>Your definition of Sufficient Funds needs to remain authentic. As </p>
<p>time goes by you may be tempted to look over your neighbour’s fence </p>
<p>and confuse one of their assets or achievements with something </p>
<p>on your list of priorities. This is one of those times when emotion </p>
<p>can override reason and the best way to stay grounded and keep </p>
<p>your head on straight is to go back to your definition of Sufficient, </p>
<p>and remember that it was built with your unique goals for your </p>
<p>authentic self.</p><p>It’s not always easy being me, or you. Well, at least not until we truly </p>
<p>figure it out and embrace it. In today’s online world it’s way too easy </p>
<p>to compare yourself with everyone else and forget who you really </p>
<p>are. It’s too easy to be lured into the trap of ‘fake it till you make </p>
<p>it’, when it’s true authenticity that is your competitive advantage as </p>
<p>well as your key to living a fulfilled life.</p><p>Once you find true authenticity you have a more accurate compass </p>
<p>for living your ideal life. But simply telling someone to be authentic </p>
<p>is not actionable advice, as it’s rarely that simple. As professional </p>
<p>snowboarder Travis Rice puts it, ‘If we want authenticity, we have </p>
<p>to initiate it. Self-­</p>
<p>discovery takes us to the wildest places on earth.’</p><p>I struggled for a long time to find myself. School for me was about </p>
<p>doing anything to fit in. For the most part I was being the person </p>
<p>I thought everyone else would appreciate. Sound familiar? It was a </p>
<p>comfortable default mode. As a young person it’s not always easy </p>
<p>to find yourself, so I want to share a few lessons I’ve learned on this </p>
<p>ride so far.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>