<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>xii</p><p>always be obvious. You may not be swimming in debt or have a $0 </p>
<p>bank account. Perhaps it’s just a feeling that you’re not on track, or </p>
<p>you find yourself comparing your life to your friends’ or family’s, </p>
<p>and wishing it was different. It could be you’re not happy with your </p>
<p>financial progress or direction, you’re overwhelmed by options and </p>
<p>decision fatigue. Perhaps you’re uncertain about how your current </p>
<p>financial decisions will impact your and your family’s future.</p><p>My goal in this book is to guide you far away from this place and </p>
<p>ensure you never return.</p><p>The true meaning of Sufficient Funds</p><p>Most people we meet in our financial advice business are struggling </p>
<p>to align their money decisions with their lives in a way that ensures </p>
<p>they have ‘sufficient funds’. Often this is because they haven’t </p>
<p>defined  sufficient  as it applies to them and therefore are chasing </p>
<p>their tails. Even if they have a financial plan, it’s destined to fail </p>
<p>if they haven’t stopped and asked themselves the all-encompassing </p>
<p>question:  What really matters to me?</p><p>We all strive for financial wellbeing. While this will look different </p>
<p>for each of us, essentially it could be defined as ‘having sufficient </p>
<p>funds for your chosen lifestyle at a given point in time’.</p><p>Sufficient Funds doesn’t mean being restricted to a low-cost, meagre </p>
<p>existence and just getting by. Sufficient for you is about defining </p>
<p>what your ideal life looks like then creating and implementing a </p>
<p>plan to make it happen!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>