<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>139</p><p>YOUR BUDGET DURING PARENTAL LEAVE</p><p>Most of the birth mums we’re working with take six to 12 months </p>
<p>off for their first child and the partner anywhere from a week or </p>
<p>two up to about three months. It all depends on entitlements and </p>
<p>what you can afford. And on your work situation. I’ve been working </p>
<p>remotely, as you know, so fortunately or unfortunately for me, hehe, </p>
<p>I was there for every single little drama with both kids as newborns. </p>
<p>Jokes aside, I’ll cherish forever the time we spent together as a young </p>
<p>family and I count myself very lucky we could create the flexibility </p>
<p>that allowed this.</p><p>Depending on your budget, or more specifically your family’s </p>
<p>reliance on the income(s) of those taking parental leave, you may </p>
<p>need to save an extra amount prior to stopping work to get you </p>
<p>through. The quick and easy way to do this is to pull out the budget </p>
<p>you’ve already completed (see figure 4.1, overleaf), ‘Save as’ a new </p>
<p>copy, call it ‘Parental Leave’ and play around. For the most common </p>
<p>example of mum taking 12 months off, replace mum’s full income </p>
<p>with the employer’s paid leave plus the government leave (after tax, </p>
<p>remember), make frequency ‘yearly’ and work out how many pay </p>
<p>cycles you’ll be working since you’ll be off work for the full year. </p>
<p>Then scroll down to the bottom to see whether there is a positive or </p>
<p>negative result.</p><p>If the result is positive, you’ll be fine. If not, you can see how much </p>
<p>you need to save for the year (or however long you’ll be away from </p>
<p>work), on top of your birth and setup costs. Remember this is a </p>
<p>simple addition of a baby fund to the account structure we discussed </p>
<p>in chapter 2.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>