<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>102</p><p>(money nerd talk: borrowing to invest is known as gearing), which </p>
<p>means that with lending you’re accessing a larger asset than you </p>
<p>could otherwise afford to purchase.</p><p>Gearing or leveraging into an asset like property means your gains, </p>
<p>but also any losses, are amplified. So in theory you can make a lot </p>
<p>more over the long term out of doing it in this way, but again it’s still </p>
<p>a ‘growth’ asset, which means it still comes with similar risks, and </p>
<p>despite a lot of Aussies feeling like it’s safer than shares, over the </p>
<p>long term they have actually performed very similarly.</p><p>So is it still the favourite asset class? Well, it’s a tough call these </p>
<p>days. There are so many good ways to build wealth that don’t take </p>
<p>such a huge initial outlay. So for most young people, it’s certainly </p>
<p>not often their first personal investment purchase, as it used </p>
<p> </p>
<p>to be.</p><p>Property is a lumpy asset (that is, while you can sell a small portion </p>
<p>of your share portfolio, with property you can’t just cut off the </p>
<p>living room and sell it if you need access to cash). It also comes with </p>
<p>responsibilities, which can be a hassle.</p><p>However, we wouldn’t be where we are without some very fortunate </p>
<p>growth in property values since we purchased our first home in </p>
<p>2009. Property investment is still a viable option for anyone looking </p>
<p>to grow long-­</p>
<p>term wealth.</p><p>But first, unless you’re buying in Woop Woop, you’ll need to borrow </p>
<p>money to invest in property. So just making the purchase is the first </p>
<p>hurdle you need to overcome.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>