<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>108</p><p>your research, act fast and be strategic to secure the ideal </p>
<p>investment property.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Climb aboard the rates rollercoaster!  Interest rates can </p>
<p>fluctuate quickly, and given most investors are borrowing </p>
<p>to make their purchases, this becomes a major part of the </p>
<p>cost. The market can be unpredictable as it responds to a </p>
<p>range of factors, including government policy and economic </p>
<p>conditions. Part of property investing is being along for this </p>
<p>ride, but make sure you’ve played out the scenario if rates </p>
<p>rise significantly, and know if you can afford the hike.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>I’m not high maintenance … but my investment property </p>
<p>is!  Unlike less tangible assets, when we’re dealing with </p>
<p>appliances, walls, roofs and doors, things actually break. </p>
<p>And then there are the tenants! You’ve heard the horror </p>
<p>stories, and thankfully this isn’t most people’s experience, </p>
<p>but still worth keeping in mind. The good news is that </p>
<p>property managers can take care of almost all repairs </p>
<p>and maintenance, as well as managing the tenants, for </p>
<p>a fee. Maintenance costs and insurance and property </p>
<p>management fees can add up over time, so run your </p>
<p>numbers upfront and always ensure you have sufficient </p>
<p>buffers in place.</p><p>The bottom line is the more research you do, scenarios you envision </p>
<p>and time you take to understand the numbers, the wiser your </p>
<p>property investment choices will be.</p><p>Hit us up at Sufficient Funds Home Loans for expert help in finding </p>
<p>the right loan and guidance on whether you have the right amount </p>
<p>of money to make this work.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>