<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>57</p><p>Card access required:  YES</p>
<p>For couples/families:  JOINT</p>
<p>Starting balance before pay lands:  $0</p><p>4. PERSONAL SPENDING (FUN)</p><p>Skip this one if you’re single or in a relationship and comfortable </p>
<p>having everything joint. This is about decluttering! Don’t confuse </p>
<p>yourself with extra accounts if you don’t need them.</p><p>Having said that, however, a lot of couples we work with choose </p>
<p>to have a separate ‘fun’ or ‘personal spending’ account each. This </p>
<p>allows complete guilt-­</p>
<p>free spending at a pre-­</p>
<p>agreed level. It also </p>
<p>means you can sneak in presents for each other without it being </p>
<p>too obvious!</p><p>If you’re at the pub together or out for a nice romantic dinner, you’re </p>
<p>spending from the joint lifestyle fund above. Heels on and running </p>
<p>solo with the ladies? Use this one.</p><p>I’ve seen anything from $50 to $1000 a week go into this account. </p>
<p>It will come down to your income level and how expensive your </p>
<p>definition of fun is. Again, if it’s affordable, and everything else </p>
<p>is flowing in the right direction, then I won’t judge you here. Just </p>
<p>remember to align it with your values.</p><p>Card access required:  YES</p>
<p>Starting balance before pay lands:  $0</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>