<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>117</p><p>The transfer balance cap is the total amount of super you can </p>
<p>transfer into a tax-­</p>
<p>free pension account. At the time of writing, </p>
<p>this limit is $1.9 million per person. This is reviewed annually and </p>
<p>increased in line with inflation in $100 000 increments. So if you’re </p>
<p>a couple who can save enough and you play it right, you can get </p>
<p>$3.4 million into this special haven, which could set you up for an </p>
<p>incredibly comfortable latter period of your life.</p><p>Without a crazy amount of risk and drama this type of combined </p>
<p>super balance for a couple would give you a tax-­</p>
<p>free income of </p>
<p>$150 000 to $200 000 every year for the rest of your days. Do it right </p>
<p>and you’ll still leave a good chunk of it for your inheritance-­</p>
<p>hungry </p>
<p>offspring, or a little extra philanthropy (chapter 5).</p><p>Superannuation in Australia is a phenomenal place to start your </p>
<p>longer-­</p>
<p>term savings plans. True, for most of you this feels like </p>
<p>the extreme long term, and that’s okay. Our clients often wonder </p>
<p>whether they’re too young to think too much about super. But </p>
<p>after recently ticking over to 40 and feeling like it was not  so  long </p>
<p>ago that I was still 20 years old and driving around the US selling </p>
<p>Insufficient Funds trucker caps, I can tell you it will absolutely </p>
<p> </p>
<p>sneak up!</p><p>There’s a difference between focusing all your excess cash from </p>
<p>your spending plan (chapter 2) to super, and contributing a small </p>
<p>percentage of your income in a tax-­</p>
<p>effective way.</p><p>Be careful not to get too caught up in the chatter that the benefits </p>
<p>of  super won’t be around when you get there. The government </p>
<p>needs you to be as self-­</p>
<p>sufficient in retirement as possible, and this </p>
<p>is something they put in place, and made compulsory for employers </p>
<p>to contribute to on your behalf, over three decades ago!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>