<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’re prepped for potential life changes. If kids are on the </p>
<p>cards, you know how to add them to the balance sheet </p>
<p>and are aware of what funds you will need for all stages of </p>
<p>starting and growing your family.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>If you face fertility issues, you now understand the money </p>
<p>aspects of this journey and you know how to establish </p>
<p>funds around this for peace of mind. If you didn’t know it </p>
<p>before, you know now that you’re not alone.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve considered how long you could survive financially </p>
<p>were you to become sick or to suffer an injury that </p>
<p>prevented your working for the foreseeable future.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You know the types of insurance available, including life </p>
<p>insurance, TPD, trauma and income protection, and you </p>
<p>understand how crucial these are, at least until you’ve </p>
<p>achieved full financial freedom.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You have thought about your own Will, but you also </p>
<p>have a good idea of whether intergenerational wealth is </p>
<p>likely coming in hot! If so, you are equipping yourself with </p>
<p>the knowledge you will need to manage the funds. In the </p>
<p>interest of transparency, you are sharing what you have </p>
<p>learned with your parents and/or siblings. ( Hint:  they </p>
<p>could benefit from this book too!)</p><p>You are now in the solid position of not only understanding the </p>
<p>ins and outs of your money and when and how to invest for </p>
<p>growth, but also knowing how to fortify your funds so you can </p>
<p>make it through the inevitable ups and downs of the rollercoaster </p>
<p>ride that is being alive! Take a deep breath. You’re now well on </p>
<p>your way to Sufficient Funds.</p><p>160</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>