<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>159</p><p>(simple advice, but too many aren’t doing this!). And Millennials </p>
<p>need to be asking the right questions, including:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>How will the wealth be transferred and in what form (for </p>
<p>example cash, shares or property)?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>How much will be transferred?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>When will it be transferred?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Who gets Nanna’s collection of 84 porcelain </p>
<p>elephant statues?</p><p>In other words, what has been taboo and unspoken needs to be </p>
<p>acceptable and transparent! Both the givers and the recipients </p>
<p>should seek solid financial advice about the intricacies of wealth </p>
<p>transfer and how to manage the tax implications. Ultimately, this </p>
<p>means more of the givers’ hard-­</p>
<p>earned funds end up, as intended, </p>
<p>in their kids’ hands.</p><p>Sufficiently Defended</p><p>Chapter 2 discussed the ins and outs of your funds; now you’re </p>
<p>across the ups and downs of planning your financial future.</p><p>By the end of this chapter:</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You know that a time will come when you’ll need to </p>
<p>access your emergency fund and you’re prepared for the </p>
<p>necessary shift in mindset that will require.</p><p>159</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>