<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>17</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Rent an apartment in Barcelona for three months, become </p>
<p>fluent in Spanish and enjoy long weekends in Paris and the </p>
<p>Swiss Alps.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Take a family road trip around America in a Winnebago.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Take a career break to test out my dream of </p>
<p>becoming a chef.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Build a side-­</p>
<p>hustle online based on my passion for </p>
<p>collecting Lego.</p><p>When you start to think bigger, you become wired that way. You </p>
<p>train your brain to challenge society’s norms and become a free </p>
<p>spirit, an individual (or couple or family) on a mission to smash </p>
<p>your goals.</p><p>Don’t forget to write these down too. If it’s not written down, it </p>
<p>won’t happen!</p><p>Step 3: Take action NOW</p><p>Take one of your big dreams and break it down. What is the one </p>
<p>thing you can do right now to move this forward? Do a five-­</p>
<p>minute </p>
<p>web search for second-­</p>
<p>hand yachts and get some quotes. Subscribe </p>
<p>to various airline sites to get across their upcoming sales or use a </p>
<p>Google flight hack (Google it!). Or find a blog about someone else </p>
<p>who has already done what you want to do, and reach out for advice.</p><p>For all the list makers out there, ask ChatGPT to make the list </p>
<p>for you. Feed it the goal (with all the specifics you already know) </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>