<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>150</p><p>Eden was born by emergency C-­</p>
<p>section at 35 weeks, but he was a </p>
<p>little trouper needing only a feeding tube and a two-week stay in </p>
<p>special care. We took him home and enjoyed a week of relative </p>
<p>normality. We thought we were in the clear, but it turned out he had </p>
<p>contracted a serious infection while he was in special care and he </p>
<p>and Tash were taken back to emergency by ambulance. His infection </p>
<p>didn’t respond to all the antibiotics pumped into his tiny three-­</p>
<p>week-­</p><p>old premmie body, and we were told he had an antibiotic-­</p>
<p>resistant </p>
<p>strain of bacteria that had entered through his umbilical cord. Again </p>
<p>he fought through and was discharged, albeit with a very degraded </p>
<p>immune system, and we were finally truly in the clear.</p><p>We could not have anticipated any of this, but we were lucky to </p>
<p>have private health cover in place, which saved us an estimated </p>
<p>$58 000 in private hospital fees.</p><p>Mentally, perspective was our secret weapon. We literally had to </p>
<p>abandon all plans and any sense of control and roll with what came </p>
<p>our way. We had to make decisions daily, knowing that the next </p>
<p>day would be filled with new decisions that we had no ability to </p>
<p>influence. This taught us that no matter what situations come your </p>
<p>way, you always have the ability to choose how you respond.</p><p>Pandemics</p><p>To borrow from Nitya Prakash, 2020 was like looking both ways </p>
<p>before you cross the street, then getting hit by an airplane. The best </p>
<p>financial adviser in the world could not have predicted the events </p>
<p>of that year and their impact on lives around the world in the years </p>
<p>that followed. As the stock markets began to crash in February, the </p>
<p>instability of the situation began to emerge.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>