<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>173</p><p>individual cash flow. For example, if you receive an annual </p>
<p>bonus, would it be easier if your contribution came at this </p>
<p>time of year?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Have you thought about saving over a longer period — a number </p>
<p>of months or years — before making a signi­</p>
<p>ficant contribution?</p><p>Whatever your answers, stay true to what drives you and your </p>
<p>definition of Sufficient Funds.</p><p>Keep motivated</p><p>Staying the course and staying true to yourself sound great, but </p>
<p>they will absolutely take energy and require you to stay motivated </p>
<p>around your goals, your plans and your definition of Sufficient.</p><p>Don’t expect motivation and encouragement to just show up when </p>
<p>you need it. You may have heard the line about it being too late </p>
<p>to build a relationship when you need one. The same is true for </p>
<p>building a source of motivation. So, in an era when motivation is </p>
<p>everywhere but you need to hit ‘Subscribe’ when it counts, here are </p>
<p>my recommendations for how to best channel the good energy and </p>
<p>make it work for you.</p><p>Curate your content</p><p>The information you feed yourself will have an impact on you. The </p>
<p>information you invite into your life each day shapes your world, </p>
<p>your thoughts and, eventually, your decisions. These days you have </p>
<p>so many opportunities to allow content to enter your brain space. </p>
<p> </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>