<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>100</p><p>the high stakes comes the potential for massive returns </p>
<p>from well-­</p>
<p>performing companies, and with that comes </p>
<p>adrenaline, excitement and superyachts!</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Welcome to the driver’s seat . Direct investment in shares </p>
<p>allows you to have ultimate control over which shares, </p>
<p>how many, and when to buy, sell and hold. Another </p>
<p>benefit is a small step towards more influence over </p>
<p>outcomes as a shareholder, where although you don’t </p>
<p>have a seat at the boardroom table, you may be invited </p>
<p>to shareholder meetings and have the right to vote on </p>
<p>certain company decisions.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>A little somethin’ somethin’ . Dividends! A dividend is </p>
<p>where the company profits are shared with you, the </p>
<p>shareholder. Companies usually pay dividends once </p>
<p>or twice a year and, as I described earlier, this income </p>
<p>adds to the growth in value to give your total return on </p>
<p>investment. This can be a great strategy for building up </p>
<p>an ongoing regular source of income over time. Many </p>
<p>companies pay dividends to shareholders, which over </p>
<p>time and after years of consistent investment can build </p>
<p>to provide enough to supplement your income to the </p>
<p>extent that you can start to make those work/life shifts </p>
<p>to align with your definition of Sufficient Funds. (Note </p>
<p>that ETFs and managed funds also have an income </p>
<p>component, which is a proportion of the combined value </p>
<p>of all dividends paid by the companies held within those </p>
<p>funds.) Generally speaking, shares are likely to provide </p>
<p>a higher percentage of income after tax and expenses </p>
<p>than your regular residential property will, and for </p>
<p>many people nearing retirement who have accumulated </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>