<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>166</p><p>setting goals because that’s what you think you  should  be doing. </p>
<p>Identify your core values and make sure your plans align with them.</p><p>The only way you will be truly happy is if you can look back at your </p>
<p>achievements and know they reflect your true authentic self, they </p>
<p>were meaningful to you and you made them happen.</p><p>Find a Sufficient cause and make </p>
<p>a difference that counts</p><p>I’m hoping that while reading this book you’ve spent a lot of time </p>
<p>thinking about yourself and your personal situation. It’s like the air-­</p>
<p>emergency rule: fit your own oxygen mask first. Now you can think </p>
<p>more broadly about how you can truly make a difference to others.</p><p>For many people I meet every day, ‘being the change you want to </p>
<p>see in the world’ is more than just an empty mantra. It’s a way of </p>
<p>life. Giving and giving back are concepts they want to include in </p>
<p>their weekly or monthly spending plans and, when it comes to time </p>
<p>commitments, their calendars. Others will have a strong desire to </p>
<p>share wealth by donating to charity. Don’t think you have to put this </p>
<p>off until you’ve reached a point where you have excess funds — for </p>
<p>example, once you’ve hit a salary of $150 000, or once you’ve paid </p>
<p>off 75 per cent of your mortgage. As I hope I’ve shown you in this </p>
<p>book, income or asset targets are rarely a good indicator of when </p>
<p>you’re ready for a certain action. It may be you could start smaller </p>
<p>but sooner, then increase your donations as your budget or asset </p>
<p>position allows. There are no simple answers here; it all comes </p>
<p>down to your unique set of values and the drive you have to make </p>
<p>a difference.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>