<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>167</p><p>When I started out in financial planning, I had no idea of the </p>
<p>impact I would make on clients — perfect strangers tapping into </p>
<p>our service — but also on my nearest and dearest. I’ve been able to </p>
<p>help friends and relatives buy their first home, set themselves up </p>
<p>for retirement and plan for time off work as they’ve expanded their </p>
<p>families. The pure joy I get from this is a huge reward for me and </p>
<p>makes each and every day I work on my business significant for me.</p><p>Is making a difference to someone other than yourself one of your </p>
<p>key goals? If so, I want to show you how to implement two simple </p>
<p>steps to feel Sufficient in this space:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Identify the cause or causes that really matter to you.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Set up a regular savings plan to ensure you not only  think  </p>
<p>about donating your hard-­</p>
<p>earned to the right cause, but you </p>
<p>actually  do  it!</p><p>When it comes to identifying the cause or the direction of </p>
<p>donations, it can be useful to think broadly about why you wish </p>
<p>to add donations to your overall plans for Sufficient Funds. The </p>
<p>following are overarching themes I see with my clients:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Make it truly meaningful . Let’s face it, when it comes </p>
<p>to justifying the hours we spend behind our laptops, </p>
<p>commuting (for those who still do) and sacrificing time </p>
<p>beyond the 9 ­</p>
<p>to 5, we want to know that we are making </p>
<p>decisions and trade-­</p>
<p>offs in exchange for something </p>
<p>meaningful. Some people place value on making a positive </p>
<p>difference in the world, finding meaning in their actions </p>
<p>beyond money-­</p>
<p>oriented success, and they prioritise </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>