<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>106</p><p>stakes and being the landlord yourself might be an ideal </p>
<p>component of your investment portfolio. While building </p>
<p>equity in your property you can also collect rental income. </p>
<p>This is supplementary income and may be the difference </p>
<p>between working that full-­</p>
<p>time gig or dialling back the </p>
<p>hours to spend with family or on a side-­</p>
<p>hustle.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Create a legacy for the next generation . Property can provide </p>
<p>a legacy for the next generation. By owning property, you </p>
<p>can pass down an asset that can provide financial security </p>
<p>and stability for your loved ones in years to come.</p><p>On the flip side, here are a few watchouts you’ll want to keep in </p>
<p>mind when deciding if investing in property meets your definition </p>
<p>of Sufficient:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You’re playing the long game . This means having patience. </p>
<p>You’ll need to be prepared to hold onto your property </p>
<p>asset for a number of years to see the potential benefits. </p>
<p>Property isn’t a liquid asset (you can’t get your cash out </p>
<p>unless you sell the whole thing), and it requires significant </p>
<p>costs to buy (stamp duty and legal fees) and sell (real estate </p>
<p>agent’s fee). Selling can take time. If you find yourself in </p>
<p>a financial situation where you need to sell your property </p>
<p>quickly, you may need to accept a lower offer, potentially </p>
<p>even lower than what you originally paid. If you’re relying </p>
<p>on rental income, there’s always the potential of a vacancy </p>
<p>that impacts cash flow, so be aware that rental does not </p>
<p>guarantee a continuous flow of income each month.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>It’s a chunk of cash — like, a lot a lot!  Property in Australia </p>
<p>is expensive. You will be committing a significant amount </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>