<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>46</p><p>ACTIVITY</p>
<p>Disrupt your debts</p><p>Take one hour to act on the practical tips above. Grab your laptop </p>
<p>and review all of your transactional bank account statements, </p>
<p>focusing on ‘foiling fraudsters’ and ‘finding double-­</p>
<p>ups’. This </p>
<p>will give further insight into any other expenses you could be </p>
<p>removing from your life.</p><p>I’ve given you a few other ideas to help you get creative around </p>
<p>this. Spend some time thinking about how all of these or other </p>
<p>ideas specific to your life could work to disrupt your debt and </p>
<p>bring you back onto the path to Sufficient Funds.</p><p>Note:  If you’re in a serious mess financially and you’ve tried all </p>
<p>of the above, then it’s time to speak to a financial counsellor. </p>
<p>There are some free options out there that do amazing work and </p>
<p>can definitely point you in the right direction. In Australia, start </p>
<p>with the Commonwealth Government’s Moneysmart site or the </p>
<p>National Debt Helpline. You can also try local councils in metro </p>
<p>areas or many charities who are set up to assist, such as the </p>
<p>Salvation Army or the Smith Family.</p><p>Cruise Control: Your Spending Plan</p><p>Your spending plan is hands down the most crucial part to get </p>
<p>right. An effective spending plan has two key elements: the right </p>
<p>behaviour and the right system.  In  Atomic Habits , author James </p>
<p>Clear notes, ‘You do not rise to the level of your goals, you fall to the </p>
<p>level of your systems.’</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>