<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>xxiv</p><p>By the end of chapter 4: Defend, you’ll be fully equipped to shield </p>
<p>yourself and your family from the inevitable bumps in the road. </p>
<p>You’ll discover how to bounce back after depleting your emergency </p>
<p>buffer, strategies for sudden shifts, the interesting role of perspective </p>
<p>and how to insure against the unforeseeable.</p><p>Finally, in chapter 5: Deliver, we bring it all home and discuss what </p>
<p>comes next. If you have implemented everything in this book up </p>
<p>to this chapter, you’ll be well on your way to achieving Sufficient </p>
<p>Funds. The trick now is to stay motivated and on track. Loaded with </p>
<p>practical tips, and with a clear picture of how you can consistently </p>
<p>redefine Sufficient, you will be unstoppable.</p><p>You’ve achieved Sufficient Funds, when you’re clear and confident </p>
<p>about your future, you have a protection plan and suitable buffers </p>
<p>in place, and you’re building mad stacks in all the areas you need to </p>
<p>achieve all the big goals you’ve set for yourself.</p><p>I am seriously pumped about the results you’ll get, but before we rip </p>
<p>into it, a quick note about retirement.</p><p>Fuck F.I.R.E. — why retirement is </p>
<p>NOT the goal</p><p>You may have heard of the FIRE movement? Investopedia describes </p>
<p>it as follows:</p><p>a movement dedicated to a program of extreme savings … By </p>
<p>dedicating up to 70% of income to savings, followers of the FIRE </p>
<p>movement may eventually be able to quit their jobs and live solely </p>
<p>off small withdrawals from their portfolios decades before the </p>
<p>conventional retirement age of 65.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>