<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Introduction</p><p>xv</p><p>way of musical talent we reluctantly concluded that this wasn’t going </p>
<p>to be our path to fame and fortune. The Customs’ drinks flowed </p>
<p>and the plans continued to gain momentum. We would start a surf </p>
<p>brand instead! A week later we had 50 trucker caps and T-shirts with </p>
<p>Insufficient Funds printed and we sold these to our mates, as well as </p>
<p>a few on eBay. We were gaining notoriety around the Newcastle Uni </p>
<p>campus. Fuelled by the dream of our future multimillion-dollar baby, </p>
<p>we flew out on our overseas exchange with grand visions of surfing, </p>
<p>travelling and partying without strings.</p><p>For a thousand bucks US we bought a beat-up old Chrysler LeBaron </p>
<p>station wagon, the one with the wooden panels. It was a shocker, </p>
<p>so luckily for us we had our accents for currency. We drove this </p>
<p>beast around the US for two months, covering 10 865 miles across </p>
<p>18 states. We basically tracked a horseshoe from Vancouver, </p>
<p>Canada, down the west coast to Baja, Mexico, over to Florida, up to </p>
<p>Ontario, Canada, and back to New York City. We dumped the car </p>
<p>in the Bronx — keys in the ignition — and flew home. The car was </p>
<p>registered in Sammy’s name and years later his poor mum was still </p>
<p>getting holding and towing fines in the mail from Yonkers Police </p>
<p>Department. Sorry Louise.</p><p>The road trip was long, the tales we still tell even longer. Here are a </p>
<p>few (more or less PC) highlights:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>bungee jumping in Nanaimo, Vancouver Island — free on </p>
<p>Valentine’s Day if you went nude</p><p>•	</p>
<p>the Southern Oregon coast — one of my favourite places </p>
<p>in the world: surfing with sea lions chased in by the great </p>
<p>whites on a remote beach near Florence, and scaring the </p>
<p>shit out of a local fisherman in the process</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>