<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>156</p><p>a financial adviser. They can help you factor these costs into your </p>
<p>budget and give you some peace of mind that, should the worst </p>
<p>happen, all will be okay financially.</p><p>Here are a few other questions we’re commonly asked:</p><p>WHAT IF I ALREADY HAVE INSURANCE WITHIN  </p>
<p>MY SUPER FUND?</p><p>Unless you’ve applied directly to your super fund to increase your </p>
<p>cover, it’s likely you will have their default cover and that it will be </p>
<p>nowhere near the levels shown in the table above. The risk here, </p>
<p>for example, is that you are TPD’d and you have maybe $300 000 </p>
<p>total cover. This gives you seven years on Australia’s minimum </p>
<p>full-­</p>
<p>time wage, or three years at best if you need a full-­</p>
<p>time carer </p>
<p>and don’t meet the myriad requirements to qualify for any type of </p>
<p>disability support.</p><p>It’s an okay fallback, but doesn’t take into consideration your </p>
<p>personal circumstances or needs. It mightn’t, for example, be </p>
<p>enough to support your family or to cover expenses in the event of </p>
<p>your death.</p><p>Also, certain types of insurance are not available through super, </p>
<p>such as trauma insurance.</p><p>DO I HAVE TO HAVE A MEDICAL EXAM TO GET INSURANCE?</p><p>That depends on your personal health and family history. One of </p>
<p>the forms we send clients helps us learn more about their health. </p>
<p>From this we can get an idea whether or not a potential insurer </p>
<p>might ask for reports from your doctor or require specific tests.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>