<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>116</p><p>How do you get your own Cayman Islands </p>
<p>bank account?</p><p>Wouldn’t you love to find:</p><p>1.	 a legal source of tax-­</p>
<p>free income that you never have to </p>
<p>report to the ATO</p><p>2.	 a place where you can sell assets that have been growing in </p>
<p>value for decades, without capital gains tax?</p><p>Well … you know that boring place your parents talk about in </p>
<p>relation to their retirement savings? You know it, and I’m here for it! </p>
<p>Super is way sexier than you think!</p><p>Superannuation takes you as close to that illusive Cayman Islands bank </p>
<p>account as you’ll probably ever get. For most people, it’s their very first </p>
<p>investment account, opened in line with their first J.O.B, and when </p>
<p>they get started this early, they can pump it consistently for 40+ years!</p><p>The transfer balance cap and why reaching it is </p>
<p>a great financial goal</p><p>To access your super, you need to hit what’s known as preservation </p>
<p>age, which for most people is around 60 (as long as you’ve retired), </p>
<p>or 65 if they are still working. Until this time, they accumulate </p>
<p>assets in super under — wait for it! — the  Accumulation Phase . Once </p>
<p>they retire, though, most people transfer their entire balance to the </p>
<p>Pension Phase . There is a tax differential between these two stages. </p>
<p>Any earnings and growth of your investments within super drops </p>
<p>from being taxed at 15 per cent during accumulation, to 0 per cent </p>
<p>when switched to pension. Hello tax haven — where’s my pina colada?!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>