<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>25</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Embrace ‘no’.  Learning to decline requests that don’t align </p>
<p>with my biggest goals or with my values remains an ongoing </p>
<p>challenge for me. I’m partial to bright, shiny objects, but </p>
<p>I’ve pushed myself to be better in this area and protect </p>
<p>my calendar as ultimately it’s the only way to progress as </p>
<p>quickly as you’ll need to when setting meaningful and </p>
<p>significant goals.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Plan your downtime.  This is my favourite. When on a </p>
<p>mission, whether it’s building a business or striving for </p>
<p>other massive milestones in your life, you need to have </p>
<p>regular breaks to ensure you stay fresh and energised. You </p>
<p>know that feeling you get at the start of January, ready to </p>
<p>tackle a new year? Well, regular breaks throughout the year </p>
<p>will help you rinse and repeat so you’ll never simply flop </p>
<p>into Christmas again.</p><p>As you hack your way to freedom, don’t forget that this isn’t about </p>
<p>becoming idle; it’s about creating time and the headspace to double </p>
<p>down on your strengths.</p><p>Combining this with hard work will mean you leapfrog those who </p>
<p>haven’t figured this out yet, or are too stuck in their ways to act on </p>
<p>it, and move swiftly towards the outcomes you seek.</p><p>Push the boundaries</p><p>Walt Disney said, ‘If you can dream it, you can do it.’ Don’t </p>
<p>settle. Don’t assume what you were capable of achieving last year is </p>
<p>all you will be able to achieve in the year ahead. Be prepared to take </p>
<p>risks and get comfortable being uncomfortable.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>