<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>18</p><p>and ask it to provide you with a detailed 10-­</p>
<p>step list of how to get </p>
<p>started. You might need to tweak it slightly for you, but it’s a great </p>
<p>place to start.</p><p>Do one thing each day for three days in a row, then watch the magic </p>
<p>happen. Momentum will build and before you know it you’ll be on </p>
<p>track to become the world’s first family to climb Mount Everest in </p>
<p>matching onesies!</p><p>‘The path to success is to take massive, determined action.’ Who </p>
<p>doesn’t love a good Tony Robbins quote? But don’t just think about </p>
<p>it — it’s time to act.</p><p>ACTIVITY</p>
<p>Three steps to bigger adventures</p><p>Stop now and take 30 minutes to work through the following </p>
<p>three steps:</p><p>1.	 Make a list of your strengths and weaknesses.</p><p>2.	 Write down one big goal that really sets your </p>
<p>heart pumping.</p><p>3.	 Take one small action right now to move you towards </p>
<p>this goal. Once done, set your intention for the next </p>
<p>small actions that you’ll complete tomorrow and the next </p>
<p>day. Continue this for a full fortnight and you’ll be well </p>
<p>on your way!</p><p>Add this new big goal to the Defining Sufficient list you started in </p>
<p>the previous activity.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>