<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>32</p><p>crap to get in the way right when we’re ready to leap. Life’s much </p>
<p>better when our finances are fully decluttered.</p><p>In this chapter we’ll first explore the critical importance of having </p>
<p>a clear mindset, then you’ll get super practical with some easy-­</p>
<p>to-­</p><p>follow steps to gain a better understanding of your financial position </p>
<p>and ensure it all flows. Follow these steps and you’ll be well on your </p>
<p>way to achieving financial clarity and taking control of your money.</p><p>Clarity: attitude and focus</p><p>It’s widely reported that money is the biggest source of stress in </p>
<p>the world. The American Psychological Association (APA), and the </p>
<p>Australian Psychological Society (APS), which produces the annual </p>
<p>National Stress and Wellbeing in Australia Survey, report that </p>
<p>personal finances and concern around rising costs of everyday items </p>
<p>is leading to significant stress and more serious health issues. The </p>
<p>APA reports that money concerns were even higher than concerns </p>
<p>around global uncertainty in 2022, despite its being a year full of </p>
<p>pandemic stress and nuclear threats.</p><p>If you’re constantly stressed about money, you’ll find it difficult </p>
<p>to be motivated and positive about your future, and without this </p>
<p>motivation you won’t get far. To reach Sufficient Funds and beyond, </p>
<p>you need clarity and confidence. After many years of working with </p>
<p>clients to create this, I’ve seen the magic that ensues once you get it </p>
<p>right, and I want to share this with you.</p><p>Clarity gives you confidence, which builds momentum and puts you </p>
<p>in your flow state, where you are untouchable. We want you to create </p>
<p>a system for your money that will free you from distraction, one </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>