<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>99</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Complex and inflexible tax . Managed funds operate as </p>
<p>trusts and investors in managed funds are unit holders in </p>
<p>the trust. The tax structuring in this space can be complex, </p>
<p>but you also have no say in when assets are sold, which </p>
<p>means capital gains can be triggered at a time you don’t </p>
<p>want them to be. This isn’t a non-­</p>
<p>starter by any means, </p>
<p>but it’s good to understand before you dive in. The same </p>
<p>applies to ETFs.</p><p>Direct shares</p><p>When investors purchase shares of a particular company via a </p>
<p>broker, either online or using a stockbroker as described earlier, </p>
<p>they are purchasing ‘direct shares’.</p><p>As the investor, you should have at least some general knowledge </p>
<p>of the company, be it a well-­</p>
<p>known Australian company or one you </p>
<p>have been following. Shares have the potential to offer high returns, </p>
<p>but by investing in a single company you are depending on the </p>
<p>performance of that company.</p><p>If you know the company you want to invest in and have done your </p>
<p>research into its past performance and share forecasts from various </p>
<p>reputable commentators, you may be well equipped to jump into a </p>
<p>direct share investment. However, shares can fluctuate significantly </p>
<p>and, unlike with a managed fund, you don’t have professionals </p>
<p>watching your assets and making educated decisions.</p><p>Benefits of investing in direct shares include:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>The stakes are high . There’s a reason why movie thrillers </p>
<p>have been made about stock trading and Wall Street. With </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>