<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>96</p><p>Benefits of investing in managed funds include:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Regular investment is often cheaper and easier . With ETFs </p>
<p>you pay brokerage for each trade so it may be suitable for </p>
<p>larger or irregular investment. There are changes coming </p>
<p>in this space so it is improving. The managed fund </p>
<p>version of the investment can work out cheaper than the </p>
<p>ETF version if you want to automate a regular, perhaps </p>
<p>monthly contribution towards your investments. As </p>
<p>discussed in chapter 2, automation leads to flow. When </p>
<p>it comes to investment, it also ensures you’re not second </p>
<p>guessing when to invest, as this is a fool’s game and leads </p>
<p>you away from the goal of keeping it simple so you can </p>
<p>focus on your strengths. If you invest regularly, set it up </p>
<p>automatically and touch it only if your strategy changes, </p>
<p>not because you heard the market was going to tank, </p>
<p>or otherwise.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Leave it to the pros . Managed funds, like ETFs, come </p>
<p>with one solid benefit that can make a big difference to </p>
<p>your peace of mind: they are professionally managed by </p>
<p>investment experts. No guesswork at your end, which </p>
<p>could save you time and brainpower once you’ve selected </p>
<p>your fund(s). This may or may not lead to better returns, </p>
<p>but it definitely reduces the decision making. If you’re </p>
<p>prone to procrastination or second guessing, or you’re just </p>
<p>generally a more nervous investor, this could be a good </p>
<p>fit for you.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Diversification . Like ETFs, managed funds offer you the </p>
<p>ability to stack your cash in a variety of assets, and this may </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>