<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>48</p><p>A budget  allows you to understand your ‘cost of living’. To be </p>
<p>financially successful, and to fast-­</p>
<p>track your journey to Sufficient, </p>
<p>you need to know what it costs to be you. One thing’s for sure: </p>
<p>when I keep a budget I have more money, even though I’m not </p>
<p>earning any more.</p><p>I’ll never tell you what to spend your money on; however, it’s </p>
<p>about being conscious of what’s coming and going, and more than </p>
<p>anything it’s about aligning your spending with your values.</p><p>One benefit of spending the time upfront defining Sufficient and </p>
<p>encouraging you to think bigger is that motivation and clarity </p>
<p>make the whole idea of budgeting so much easier to stomach. Once </p>
<p>you nail this part you’ll see how to build the plan that brings it </p>
<p>all together!</p><p>ACTIVITY</p>
<p>Complete your budget template</p><p>Scan the QR code to download the budget </p>
<p>template. This will prompt everything for you. </p>
<p>Spend 20 to 30 minutes completing this. Most </p>
<p>of it will be fixed costs that you will already </p>
<p>know or can easily find in your statements; the </p>
<p>rest you’ll need to give some thought to.</p><p>Bonus tip:  Here’s exactly what we tell clients when they com­</p>
<p>plete this with us:  fill this with everything you think you’re </p>
<p>spending at the moment, plus anything you wish you could </p>
<p> </p>
<p>be spending money on! If there’s anything missing in your life that </p>
<p>you want more of, add it into the budget and let’s work together </p>
<p>to make it happen! We can always reduce it later if needed.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>