<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>29</p><p>Sufficiently Defined</p><p>In this chapter:</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve set your positive mindset for financial wellbeing, </p>
<p>including setting your series of small wins to build </p>
<p>momentum around good financial decisions. Do one thing </p>
<p>every day for a full fortnight.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve started and built on your very own Defining </p>
<p>Sufficient list! Remember it’s a moving beast, so keep it </p>
<p>close and keep building on it.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve weighed up what you’d do if you were totally </p>
<p>financially free and asked yourself how those dreams fit </p>
<p>with your purpose in life.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve identified one big adventure or goal you’re planning </p>
<p>to tackle first, and you have set this in motion by ticking off </p>
<p>the first few simple steps to make it happen.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve taken time out from your day-to-day to define  </p>
<p>what a fulfilling and successful life looks like to you, and </p>
<p>you have a clear list of what goals will make up your </p>
<p>Sufficient life.</p><p>You’ve now worked through some important steps that so many </p>
<p>unwittingly skip on their financial planning journey. This is where I </p>
<p>see so many fail and why our clients, who always start here, get </p>
<p>off to a flying start!</p><p>Massive congrats! You now have a solid understanding of your </p>
<p>definition of Sufficient Funds. Keep this front of mind as we step </p>
<p>through the next steps of decluttering your finances.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>