<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>142</p><p>We lived in Sydney for most of our kids’ day care years before, in mid </p>
<p>2021, we moved back to Newcastle, the city where the Insufficient </p>
<p>Funds dream had started nearly 20 years earlier! We had no family </p>
<p>support in Sydney, so for most of this time both our kids were in day </p>
<p>care four days a week.</p><p>Pro tip:  If you’re expecting a second child, don’t plan to pull </p>
<p>your older child out of day care while you’re juggling a newborn. </p>
<p>At this age your child is making lots of little friends and learning </p>
<p>hugely valuable social skills, and your ‘spare’ time is better </p>
<p>spent sleeping.</p><p>Family can also play a huge part here. We’ve seen it all. Some </p>
<p>grandparents seize the opportunity to look after the kids, and </p>
<p>others can’t get far enough away! Each to their own. There is clearly </p>
<p>a financial benefit here. A day a week spent with the grandparents </p>
<p>saved us about $10 000 a year. Thanks, Nanna and Pa! This is due to </p>
<p>how the subsidies worked while we had two in day care. Thankfully </p>
<p>the government has since stepped up to heavily subsidise your </p>
<p>second, third and fourth child, if that adventure is calling!</p><p>This wraps up this stage of starting a family. The next challenge is </p>
<p>probably how to fund the next child or two, should you be planning </p>
<p>to grow your family further. There’s no doubt this planning is </p>
<p>really difficult because there are so many moving pieces and so </p>
<p>many unknowns. However, it’s an amazing period in your life </p>
<p>so  please stop, plan and get the money stuff sorted so you can </p>
<p>focus on the fun.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>