<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>152</p><p>For me, being self-­</p>
<p>insured means having passive income from </p>
<p>investments or a business that can continue to run without you, </p>
<p>either of which will pay your living costs for the rest of your </p>
<p>life. This might sound a little dramatic, but as financial advisers </p>
<p>who do a lot of work in the insurance space, we’ve seen it all and </p>
<p>know this not-­</p>
<p>at-­</p>
<p>all-­</p>
<p>sexy part of your financial plan is absolutely </p>
<p>key. Remember what we covered in the previous chapter. Any </p>
<p>investment you make is linked specifically to something that </p>
<p>truly matters in your quest for Sufficient Funds. Your protection </p>
<p>plan should be built around not having to sell these assets (read: </p>
<p>give up on your goals) for what is hopefully only a blip on the </p>
<p>radar in the grand scheme of your life.</p><p>What you need is something to kick in that will save you from having </p>
<p>to sell assets, because accident or illness necessitates expensive </p>
<p>medical care and/or significant time off work.</p><p>One of the best ways to protect your future self from the </p>
<p>financial distress that can arise from events like these is having </p>
<p>enough insurance to call on if and when needed. If health and </p>
<p>lifestyle history allow, and if they are able to factor a manageable </p>
<p>premium into their budget, we advise our clients to take out </p>
<p>four  different types of cover. Payments can generally be split </p>
<p>between a rollover from their super fund and a monthly or </p>
<p>annual premium from the bank account. Then they can move on </p>
<p>with living their epic lives.</p><p>Following are the four types of cover you should be considering and </p>
<p>what you should factor in when putting them in place.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>