<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>91</p><p>historically have been more expensive, or other competitors in the </p>
<p>market that are offering very low or no fees, like Pearler, Selfwealth </p>
<p>or Sharesies. All these brokers give you the flexibility and control to </p>
<p>buy and sell shares at will.</p><p>Alternatively, you can purchase via a more traditional human </p>
<p>stockbroker, where you’ll generally pay a lot more per transaction </p>
<p>but also for the advice that comes with it.</p><p>You can also invest in share markets by using a range of different </p>
<p>structures that you may have heard of, the most common being </p>
<p>managed funds and exchange-­</p>
<p>traded funds (ETFs).</p><p>Here, I’ll outline some more information on some of the more </p>
<p>popular options for investing in shares, including why these may or </p>
<p>may not be right for you:</p><p>Micro-­investing</p><p>These mobile apps allow you to invest small amounts of money (as </p>
<p>little as 1 cent in some cases) into various investment options, such </p>
<p>as ETFs or individual stocks. The apps typically charge low fees and </p>
<p>can help people get started with investing even if they don’t have a </p>
<p>lot of money to spare.</p><p>There are numerous apps out there, and a simple search of ‘micro </p>
<p>investing’ in the app store will bring these up. Be sure to do your </p>
<p>due diligence to determine that whichever app you choose to </p>
<p>invest through is backed by an Australian company with an AFSL </p>
<p>(Australian Financial Services Licence). This means they are regulated </p>
<p>by ASIC and are required to protect your personal info. Checking </p>
<p> </p>
<p>out the developer’s privacy policy is also key.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>