<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>183</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You’re a first home buyer and you’re wondering how much </p>
<p>mortgage is too much, especially as the apartment you’re </p>
<p>about to buy might only work for child one, but you’re not </p>
<p>sure what impact income fluctuations will have as you </p>
<p>balance starting a family with the likely need to upgrade the </p>
<p>home again in five years’ time when child two may be on </p>
<p>their way.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You want to know you’re putting the right proportion of </p>
<p>your resources into each of the four stacks of Sufficient </p>
<p>Funds. Remember from chapter 3 that this involves </p>
<p>careful decisions around your approach to debt, savings, </p>
<p>investment and super. The only way to ensure you’re </p>
<p>contributing to the right stacks at the right time is to map </p>
<p>out your life over a number of years so you can understand </p>
<p>the impact of the infinite variations that will impact your </p>
<p>plan (chapter 1). This means you will not only understand </p>
<p>the impact your money decisions will have, but also ensure </p>
<p>you remain on track as you make the many ongoing </p>
<p>changes and tweaks that will be required over time.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You are dealing with moving pieces. You’re juggling work </p>
<p>fluctuations (babies, mini-­</p>
<p>retirements), education funding, </p>
<p>big purchases (can I get the EV?).</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You are at a crossroads. Perhaps you’ve already got the </p>
<p>house, but you’ve got extra funds, so where to from here?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You’ve received an inheritance (see chapter 4).</p><p>Now, some of these situations may not require you to engage a </p>
<p>financial adviser and, indeed, given you’ve chosen to read this book </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>