<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>136</p><p>Public service announcement:  Most expecting parents have </p>
<p>already heard the advice you’re about to give them so get </p>
<p>permission before you deliver it. Pregnancy is hard enough </p>
<p>without the repetitive onslaught of well-­</p>
<p>meaning tricks and tips!</p><p>Initially there are four big items — car seat, cot, change table and </p>
<p>pram. Basically, the rest can wait! Table  4.1 indicates a range of </p>
<p>costs to plan for, based on your savings.</p><p>As you can see, the price range for this stuff is huge. I did a quick </p>
<p>search and found a car seat selling for $10 687 — I wonder if it self-­</p>
<p>cleans number 3s? There’s also a $61 000 pram if you can spare </p>
<p>the coin, but I’m pretty sure your little bundle of joy would prefer </p>
<p>their parents read up on intergenerational wealth transfer than </p>
<p>be treated to an eight-­</p>
<p>month spin in the Silver Cross Rose Gold </p>
<p>Edition (yes, it’s covered in actual gold!). You can go nuts with </p>
<p>this stuff.</p><p>If you land in the middle of this spending range, as we did, you’re </p>
<p>up for maybe $3000 for these big items, depending on how you roll. </p>
<p>Our $600 pram was so damn good we allocated more to really good </p>
<p>car seats for both cars to save time mucking around constantly </p>
<p>transferring seats between cars. As you know, time is money.</p><p>Table 4.1: baby setup costs</p><p>Item</p>
<p>Gumtree / second-­</p>
<p>hand</p>
<p>IKEA / Big W Baller</p><p>Pram</p>
<p>From $0</p>
<p>$200</p>
<p>$2500+</p><p>Cot</p>
<p>From $0</p>
<p>$200</p>
<p>$1500+</p><p>Change table</p>
<p>From $0</p>
<p>$100</p>
<p>$1000</p><p>Car seat</p>
<p>Safety first. Don’t skimp here!</p>
<p>$150</p>
<p>$1000</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>