<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>181</p><p>Did some extra funds sneak into your emergency fund as </p>
<p>you forgot to stop when you reached your ideal number? </p>
<p>These funds can now be reallocated. After we reviewed ours </p>
<p>recently we cut the emergency fund by 25 per cent as we </p>
<p>realised we were being overly cautious. We invested those </p>
<p>funds instead, and we’re now $15k better off due to this </p>
<p>tweak. It’s nice when things play out like this.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You have new experiences . Do you have the experience vs </p>
<p>things balance right (chapter 1)? What have you been able </p>
<p>to tick off that list? How did it make you feel? Do you need </p>
<p>to do more of the things you’ve been enjoying, or is there </p>
<p>something else that needs to be added now?</p><p>There are significant benefits to prioritising experiences </p>
<p>in your life. You create lasting memories, whether with a </p>
<p>significant other, your young family, or just a meaningful </p>
<p>memory that will stay with you personally as you navigate </p>
<p>the rollercoaster of life.</p><p>One of the biggies in this category is travel. There’s a reason </p>
<p>we refer to the ‘travel bug’ — it’s contagious and hard to </p>
<p>shake. Travel expands your world and that experience can </p>
<p>feed the desire to continue to explore. So someone who has </p>
<p>been comfortable with a yearly interstate trip but visited </p>
<p>Europe for the first time in the post-­</p>
<p>pandemic European </p>
<p>summer craze, may just discover they now have three other </p>
<p>trips they’d  love  to take in the next two or three years. Time </p>
<p>to upgrade that savings plan and channel more cash to this </p>
<p>epic goal!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>