<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Introduction</p><p>xiii</p><p>This involves giving yourself permission to give society’s norms </p>
<p>the big middle finger. For too long society’s expectations have set </p>
<p>the rules for us: get an education, get a job, get married, buy a </p>
<p>house, have kids, work 9 to 5 for 40 years, take two to four weeks’ </p>
<p>holiday a year, retire … then die. Not cool. Life should be way more </p>
<p>fun than this!</p><p>Life isn’t like golf where the quality of the dot points don’t matter </p>
<p>and the only thing that counts is the number on the card at the end </p>
<p>of the game. You could land one shot in the water, the next in the </p>
<p>bunker and still sink one from 100 metres out for par. Our lives are </p>
<p>defined by the time we spend between the dots, not the scorecard. </p>
<p>You make micro money decisions every single day, but do you ever </p>
<p>stop to think about the impact of these decisions on the life you’re </p>
<p>striving for?</p><p>Your ability to live the life you dream of is dictated by two </p>
<p> </p>
<p>core components:</p><p>1.	 making sound financial decisions</p><p>2.	 aligning these decisions with your ideal life.</p><p>In our work, we meet lots of people who have a fairly good handle </p>
<p>on number 1, but almost no one truly gets the second part. Sound </p>
<p>financial decisions mean little in the long run if you’re not happy. </p>
<p>So these two elements go very much hand in hand. You need to </p>
<p>be able to cut through to the core of what makes you tick, then be </p>
<p>strategic about how you put it all in place. It’s tough, but I’m about </p>
<p>to show you how.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>