<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>xx</p><p>Tash and I have created the freedom we’ve always dreamed of by </p>
<p>running a super-lean operation that has been entirely virtual since </p>
<p>way before COVID made it cool. We have an amazing team, with </p>
<p>great systems, and as a family we now have complete freedom of </p>
<p>location if we want it.</p><p>Talking about travel, we’ve also had a lot of fun along the way. </p>
<p>I’ve travelled internationally on average at least once a year since </p>
<p>a high-school exchange to Dachau, Germany, in 1999. I’ve surfed </p>
<p>and snowboarded on four continents, made it to overseas weddings, </p>
<p>thrown our own wedding, and visited friends and family wherever </p>
<p>they happen to be in the world.</p><p>This is all part of our version of Sufficient Funds.</p><p>Could we have achieved many financial goals sooner?</p><p>Absolutely!</p><p>But it’s never just about ‘financial’ goals for us, neither should it be </p>
<p>for you.</p><p>You may be saying to yourself, ‘That’s all cool, James, but why is this </p>
<p>book important to me?’ Well, it wasn’t all about making this work </p>
<p>for us personally. As a professional, I’ve clocked over 10 000 hours </p>
<p>of one-on-one with clients, helping them do this in their own lives.</p><p>This heavy devotion to repetition, improvement and feedback </p>
<p>is what Todd Herman refers to in his book  The Alter Ego Effect  </p>
<p>when talking about reaching a level of mastery in your field. This </p>
<p>field for me is not just about providing financial advice, as my </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>