<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>109</p><p>Crypto</p><p>We’ve all seen the hype around Bitcoin play out over the past decade </p>
<p>during the emergence of this alternative currency. Bitcoin launched </p>
<p>in 2009 and led the way for other cryptocurrencies, with thousands </p>
<p>of cryptos now in existence.</p><p>Essentially, crypto is a virtual or digital currency that can be used </p>
<p>as a medium of exchange.</p><p>It does not require government issue or control, or assistance </p>
<p>from financial institutions to process payments. Instead, it uses </p>
<p>special encryption techniques to keep data secure, store and create </p>
<p>‘monetary units’, and verify transactions within a decentralised, </p>
<p>digital public ledger (a blockchain).</p><p>While there are many cryptos in existence, not all of them are </p>
<p>active and most are likely to fail as an investment. This is a highly </p>
<p>speculative area and there is a risk that government regulation will </p>
<p>play a huge part in its future success or failure. Nevertheless, Bitcoin </p>
<p>has created multi-­</p>
<p>millionaires almost overnight, and in recent years </p>
<p>has caused enormous pain for those buying in right before it fell </p>
<p>off a cliff.</p><p>I believe crypto will continue to grow as a major player in the money </p>
<p>world but the risk you take in picking the right one as an investment </p>
<p>makes it pretty tough to justify getting into with more than a very </p>
<p>small portion of your available cash.</p><p>Here’s a true story. In 2013 I watched Tim Ferriss’  Random </p>
<p>Show  (check out episode 21 at around 36 minutes) and seriously </p>
<p>contemplated investing in Bitcoin. I didn’t. Today, if you’re after </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>