<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>145</p><p>Let’s say that, like my clients Rach and Greg, you live in a city so don’t </p>
<p>need the boarding option. You have two kids — one is two months </p>
<p>old and the other is two — and you plan to spend $30 000 per child </p>
<p>per annum, in today’s dollars, for their high-­</p>
<p>school education.</p><p>There are three ways to handle this:</p><p>1.	 You have wealthy parents or grandparents who are so </p>
<p>insistent on keeping the family tradition alive that they </p>
<p>refuse your weak attempts at stopping them pulling out the </p>
<p>black AMEX.</p><p>2.	 You earn $400 000+ per annum. You may not have to save </p>
<p>in advance: you just cover it with your net income and still </p>
<p>live a pretty good life.</p><p>3.	 You start saving or investing as soon as your kids are born </p>
<p>and cash in and fund the investment through regular </p>
<p>withdrawals from your stacks.</p><p>Here’s how we did it for Rach and Greg:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Mapped out each year from today through to the end of </p>
<p>school for their youngest to ensure we were as accurate </p>
<p>as possible.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Recommended an investment bond. This product type is </p>
<p>very popular for funding longer-­</p>
<p>term costs like education.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Started with a $10 000 initial investment, contributing </p>
<p>$10 000 in the first year ($833 monthly) and increasing this </p>
<p>contribution by 25 per cent each year, through to year 10 </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>