<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>84</p><p>So if you earn $145 000, the $10 000 you earn above $135 000 is </p>
<p>taxed at 37 per cent. Therefore, on a tax-­</p>
<p>deductible donation of $10, </p>
<p>you will receive 37 cents per $1, or $3.70 back when you do your tax </p>
<p>return. Effectively, you’ve lost (or in this case donated) $6.30.</p><p>The tax-­</p>
<p>deduction conversation can sometimes go something </p>
<p>like this:</p><p>Investor chasing gold at the end of mythical tax rainbow:  </p>
<p>‘Guess what! I’m buying an investment property, and it’s tax </p>
<p>deductible!’</p><p>Concerned friend:  ‘Great! Where is it? Is it going to grow in </p>
<p>value and give you a good rental return?’</p><p>Investor:  ‘Dunno, but I’ll get a better tax return each year!’</p><p>What they’re really saying is:  ‘ Guess what! I’m going to drop a dollar. </p>
<p>But it’s okay, because I still get to pick up 37 cents!’</p><p>Table 3.1: 2024/25 personal tax thresholds in Australia *</p><p>Taxable income</p>
<p>Tax on this income</p><p>0 – $18 </p>
<p>200</p>
<p>Nil</p><p>$18 </p>
<p>200 – $45 </p>
<p>000</p>
<p>16%</p><p>$45 </p>
<p>001 – $135 </p>
<p>000</p>
<p>30%</p><p>$135 </p>
<p>001 – $190 </p>
<p>000</p>
<p>37%</p><p>$190 </p>
<p>001 and over</p>
<p>45%</p><p>*  </p>
<p>To avoid confusion I’ve omitted the Medicare levy of 2 per cent. Including this </p>
<p>levy you pay 2 cents’ additional tax per $1 earned at each rate </p>
<p>— </p>
<p>for example, 37c </p>
<p>becomes 39c tax if you earn between $135 </p>
<p>001 and $190 </p>
<p>000.</p><p>Source: © Commonwealth of Australia</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>