<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>8</p><p>Next, learn to live your life with an undying focus on this.</p><p>Once you find your purpose, the hard part is keeping it always front </p>
<p>of mind. Here are my tips for remaining on track:</p><p>1. Control your social media addiction</p><p>‘Social media is like crack,’ says Gary Vaynerchuk, ‘—­</p>
<p> immediately </p>
<p>gratifying and hugely addictive.’ I admit, social media has taken a </p>
<p>lot of my time. It’s a bit of a catch-­</p>
<p>22 for me, as I need it for business </p>
<p>and I enjoy it. We use it to build a community around what we’re </p>
<p>doing at Sufficient Funds, elevating our brand, sharing our clients’ </p>
<p>stories and reaching more people.</p><p>interested, motivated, alive? Block some time in your calendar, </p>
<p>free yourself from all distractions, even go off grid to get clear, </p>
<p>then dive in and answer these questions. Some people find this </p>
<p>comes straight to them; others will need to do a massive brain </p>
<p>dump first. If that’s you, grab a pen and paper and let the stream </p>
<p>of consciousness flow.</p><p>Grasp that childhood dream or whatever is burning you up inside </p>
<p>and channel it. This is the fuel that will have you jumping all the </p>
<p>hurdles to create the life you want to live. Cast back to when life </p>
<p>and your dreams were completely free of money constraints.</p><p>Once you have your list, tidy it up and put it somewhere so you </p>
<p>can refer to it often. When we work through Defining Sufficient </p>
<p>with our clients we like to add images that relate to their goals </p>
<p>— </p>
<p>if </p>
<p>you’re a visual person absolutely do this and create yourself a </p>
<p>vision board that will help you stay on purpose.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>