<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>42</p><p>Quick search for double-­ups</p><p>List your regular payments. Okay, I threw in one really boring </p>
<p>one for good measure. I suggest you painstakingly go through the </p>
<p>past three months of all your accounts. List all the regular debits/</p>
<p>payments. The main objective here is to get an idea of how much is </p>
<p>really leaving your account every month and becoming conscious of </p>
<p>what those items are.</p><p>Chances are you’ll find items in the same category that you’re </p>
<p>doubling up on. For example, I was given a free Apple Music </p>
<p>subscription for 18 months last time I upgraded my phone (thanks </p>
<p>Telstra!). However, we were already paying for Spotify, which offers </p>
<p>a very similar service. The same goes for Foxtel, Stan, Netflix, Apple </p>
<p>TV and Disney+! What other apps are you paying for that you </p>
<p>don’t use?</p><p>Start a side-­hustle</p><p>You’ve got 24 hours a day. Time to turn off the Kardashians and </p>
<p>hustle like a momager! Do some freelance writing, drive for Uber, </p>
<p>be a maths tutor or an online dating consultant (they exist!) — there </p>
<p>are millions of ideas here. Get off the couch and use the time you’ve </p>
<p>been given. Any extra cash can go straight to paying off your debt.</p><p>Lose the gym membership</p><p>This is one of the biggest but most underutilised expenses in my </p>
<p>clients’ budgets. There are cheaper ways to exercise. The ocean is </p>
<p> </p>
<p>my gym but if that’s not your vibe, go for a run, use the gym at the </p>
<p>park or Google outdoor or home gym exercise ideas. For some people </p>
<p>the gym is non-­</p>
<p>negotiable, which is cool. But if you choose to spend </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>