<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>62</p><p>4. AUTOMATE YOUR INVESTMENTS</p><p>Hopefully you’re now starting to see the cascading effect of </p>
<p>this process — making your money truly flow.  From here you </p>
<p>can start to make direct automated payments into your chosen </p>
<p>investments, so not only are all your spending bases covered, </p>
<p>but you are intentionally making your money work for you in a </p>
<p>hands-­</p>
<p>free way.</p><p>We’ll talk about investing in chapter 3.</p><p>You’re killing it! Everything is now automated and you’re creating </p>
<p>some incredible habits that will set you up for financial success.</p><p>Before you move on … CELEBRATE! It’s time to celebrate your wins. </p>
<p>It can be hard work to get in the mental zone to sort your money </p>
<p>out. Be super proud of what you’ve achieved and acknowledge it </p>
<p>with high fives, tequila shots or whatever works for you!</p><p>FAQs</p><p>But I use my credit card for everything!</p>
<p>I’m not against credit cards, but they’re not for everyone and I’ve </p>
<p>seen them ruin some of the best-­</p>
<p>laid plans. If you’re just getting </p>
<p>started with your spending plan and are not yet in full ‘cruise </p>
<p>control’, I’d be leaving the credit card right out of the equation. </p>
<p>Put yourself on L-­</p>
<p>plates for now, and gain full confidence over </p>
<p>using  your  money in your day-­</p>
<p>to-­</p>
<p>day accounts. The learned </p>
<p>behaviour and habits you develop from this are crucial to achieving </p>
<p>Sufficient Funds.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>