<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>xviii</p><p>time we didn’t have the balls, maturity or foresight to really give it </p>
<p>a crack.</p><p>The implications of ‘Insufficient Funds’ never lost traction though. </p>
<p>In hindsight the philosophy of our little movement revolved around </p>
<p>freedom, living day-to-day without a care in the world, having the </p>
<p>means — just — to do everything we wanted. That was our life as </p>
<p>20-year-olds, the first wave of Millennials, and it was so relatable. </p>
<p>Insufficient Funds offered a different, droll way of looking at that </p>
<p>dismal $0 balance on the ATM slip.</p><p>Our journey to Sufficient Funds</p><p>My name is James, and I have Sufficient Funds.</p><p>Hold up, who is this wanker?</p><p>Before you exercise that faved Aussie tradition of trimming the </p>
<p>poppies, let me share a bit more of my story. With a British dad </p>
<p>and an Aussie mum, I had an interesting and fortunate upbringing. </p>
<p>Born in England, but moving to Australia when I was two years old, </p>
<p>I spent most of my youth in and around Grafton in the Northern </p>
<p>Rivers. My nanna lived 40 minutes up the Pacific Highway in the </p>
<p>then sleepy coastal village of Yamba.</p><p>Grafton was an amazing place to grow up and I wouldn’t have </p>
<p>traded it for the world. In a country town, people’s views on money </p>
<p>are a bit different from those in the city, and the bar for financial </p>
<p>success is set fairly low. I remember being labelled ‘rich’ by the boys </p>
<p>at cricket one Saturday because Dad dropped me off in a late-model </p>
<p>Ford Territory.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>