<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>76</p><p>Finally, your need for cash will depend on the flexibility of the goal </p>
<p>itself. If your goal is to upgrade your home to a nicer suburb closer </p>
<p>to the beach, you might say that ideally this goal will happen in the </p>
<p>next three years, but if it was to happen in year four or five, that </p>
<p>would also be okay. However, the goal of putting your child </p>
<p>through private schooling for high school does not have a flexible </p>
<p>timeline. You can’t delay when the beginning of year seven comes </p>
<p>flying around!</p><p>The right amount in each stack!</p><p>I’ve already covered this in theory, but here’s the detail. Your key </p>
<p>to achieving Sufficient Funds is having your money decisions fully </p>
<p>aligned to the life you want to live and to be confidently on track </p>
<p>for all of it!</p><p>Take our client Nicola. In six years, with a new home and a </p>
<p>mortgage, and likely a long-­</p>
<p>term partner in her life, here’s how this </p>
<p>could play out:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Debt : She will extinguish her new home loan within </p>
<p>15 years. A simple online mortgage calculator allowed her </p>
<p>to set the goal of paying it off during this time, allowing </p>
<p>a buffer for higher interest rates, and she has automated </p>
<p>the additional repayments.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Savings : With the help of our mortgage broking team, she </p>
<p>found a loan structure that allows multiple offset accounts, </p>
<p>which means she can save cash according to Cruise </p>
<p>Control: Your Spending Plan, and have every cent she </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>