<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>83</p><p>on hidden treasures, but more likely you’ll end up lost and frustrated. </p>
<p>When it comes to money, this is not cool and is the opposite of what </p>
<p>I want for you. This is how to make sure your investment strategy </p>
<p>stands the test of time and helps you achieve the life you want to live.</p><p>Debunking the tax myth</p><p>We all love our tax deductions, right! ‘I’m paying too much </p>
<p>tax — how do I reduce it?’ I have this conversation with my clients </p>
<p>all the time. Sadly, there’s a myth when it comes to tax deductions </p>
<p>that not everyone is aware of.</p><p>There are lots of opportunities out there that, for better or worse, </p>
<p>offer tax deductions as a ‘benefit’. We often see these tax deductions </p>
<p>mistakenly being used as  the  reason for making a significant </p>
<p>financial decision. This might be for an investment, a business trip, </p>
<p>a novated car lease package through work, a donation, personal </p>
<p>insurance or some other form of spending.</p><p>Let’s get one thing clear. When you get tax back through your tax </p>
<p>return, it’s because you’ve already spent the money …  and  you only </p>
<p>get a portion of it back.</p><p>If you were already going to spend this money, then go bananas and </p>
<p>find every legal loophole to get that tax back. However, if you’re yet </p>
<p>to spend (to invest, donate or lease that car) and are weighing up </p>
<p>your options, you need to pause and make sure you’re acting for the </p>
<p>right reasons.</p><p>Table 3.1 (overleaf) shows the 2024/25 personal tax thresholds in </p>
<p>Australia.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>