<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>69</p><p>The ‘mad stacks’ strategy: </p>
<p>introducing the four stacks </p>
<p>of Sufficient Funds</p><p>Now you’ve decluttered your finances, you should be very familiar </p>
<p>with what’s coming in and what’s going out. If you have a decent </p>
<p>chunk of money left over after each pay, congratulations! You </p>
<p>probably look financially similar to most of our clients when they </p>
<p>first engage with us. You’re also likely to face the issue of knowing </p>
<p>what to do with the extra funds.</p><p>Of course, having options is a great challenge to have; in fact, it’s one </p>
<p>we all strive for, but it is still a challenge, and one that should not </p>
<p>be taken lightly. One wrong step could cost you tens of thousands </p>
<p>of dollars, more years of work or, worse, the inability to achieve </p>
<p>Sufficient Funds and the goals and dreams you set out in chapter 1.</p><p>Even if you do all the research and spend the time to understand the </p>
<p>technical aspects of the financial choices available to you, there’s </p>
<p>still the matter of getting out of your own way and making the right </p>
<p>decision — or rather, all the right decisions. And you need to get the </p>
<p>sequence of these decisions right too.</p><p>Fortunately, there’s an easy way to think about this, and it involves </p>
<p>the idea of  four stacks .</p><p>This is where the rubber really hits the road for our clients, and </p>
<p>where we add massive value to their lives. I’m going to lay it all out </p>
<p>for you right here.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>