<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>177</p><p>We have three sessions with new clients leading up to when they </p>
<p>start to implement their Money Action Plan (MAP) ™ . Sessions are </p>
<p>usually about four to six weeks apart. We define ‘Sufficient’ in the </p>
<p>first one, then revisit it and dive deeper in the second. I can tell you </p>
<p>that when the second session comes around and we’re revisiting the </p>
<p>goals and values set in the first, something is  always  added in, taken </p>
<p>away or significantly updated —  and it’s only been a month!  Twelve </p>
<p>months on, you’re likely to see some significant changes.</p><p>There’s so much of life to be lived beyond Sufficient Funds. This </p>
<p>is where the real magic happens. Everything is flowing for you </p>
<p>and you’re starting to build mad momentum. This is the point </p>
<p>at which you may be ready to work towards what we define as </p>
<p>Beyond Sufficient.</p><p>Here are some of the prompts we use with our clients when we </p>
<p>revisit their definition of Sufficient Funds to make sure their Money </p>
<p>Action Plan (MAP) ™  continues to deliver on what matters to them:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You’ve achieved epic milestones . Time to celebrate, if you </p>
<p>haven’t already! You got married, turned your side-­</p>
<p>hustle </p>
<p>into a full-­</p>
<p>time gig, bought the house near the beach, got </p>
<p>the sweet new EV, reached Mt Everest base camp (as a few </p>
<p>of our clients did this year), started a family, graduated with </p>
<p>an MBA. The list goes on and on, so revisit your original list </p>
<p>from chapter 1 and make the updates.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You’ve experienced a shift in your health or wellbeing . </p>
<p>Evaluate any updates in your own wellbeing. How are you </p>
<p>feeling generally? Any new health issues, or a problem </p>
<p>you’ve managed to overcome or move out of your life? Did </p>
<p>you start a new PT regime that is costing a bomb but has </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>