<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Sufficiently Delivered</p><p>You have arrived at Sufficient Funds! Well, at the very least, </p>
<p>you’re getting close. You’ve defined exactly what your ideal life </p>
<p>looks like and have begun creating and implementing the plan </p>
<p>that will make it flow!</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve worked through Defining, Decluttering, Developing, </p>
<p>Defending and Delivering Sufficient Funds for you.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You have a good understanding of how to stay on </p>
<p>track and stay motivated, and how to tackle it all while </p>
<p>remaining true to your values as you pursue your personal </p>
<p>definition of Sufficient Funds.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You know that none of this is static, and that the meaning </p>
<p>of Sufficient Funds for you will evolve. You’re now fully </p>
<p>equipped to redefine Sufficient and understand some of </p>
<p>the circumstances that will lead you to it.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You understand when and how to seek professional advice </p>
<p>when you need help and guidance along the way.</p><p>You’re now a long way from Insufficient Funds and are well </p>
<p>equipped to bounce yourself right back, should you fall behind </p>
<p>or even if you find yourself in that position again. Remember that </p>
<p>success is in the journey. You now have all the tools you’ve built </p>
<p>along the way and,  most important , the confidence to make your </p>
<p>funds work for you!</p><p>186</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>