<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>Consolidate super, but don’t do this without being certain </p>
<p>you don’t need the insurance inside your super funds. If </p>
<p>in doubt, seek financial advice here before acting. This is </p>
<p>a common error we see, and generally not one that can </p>
<p>be undone.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>Automate your savings.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>Review insurance policies.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>Review bank statements for unnecessary memberships or </p>
<p>subscriptions you no longer use.</p><p>Sufficiently Decluttered</p><p>By the end of this chapter:</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>As in every other area of life that matters, you understand </p>
<p>the importance of clarity and focus when dealing with </p>
<p>your finances.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You have a list of all your debts and have begun to </p>
<p>snowball or avalanche these the hell out of your </p>
<p>life forever!</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve completed your budget with your net income and </p>
<p>every possible weekly, monthly and annual expense, as </p>
<p>well as any additional spending in line with your new list of </p>
<p>goals from chapter 1.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>You’ve set up an emergency fund and have a good grasp of </p>
<p>exactly how much money you need in this account.</p><p>65</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>