<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>47</p><p>When striving for flow we need as little friction as possible. This </p>
<p>means building systems for money decisions and maintaining pure </p>
<p>clarity on how those decisions link to your best life. It also means </p>
<p>you don’t second guess a thing. You need the tools to make quick, </p>
<p>confident, intentional decisions, and move on.</p><p>There’s no room here for dwelling on the past and getting stuck on </p>
<p>the negatives. Your success is predicated on your ability to progress.</p><p>I’m going to show you a structure and foolproof system that works </p>
<p>for all the awesome clients we get to work with every day, and why it </p>
<p> </p>
<p>is the basis of all successful financial plans.</p><p>The four key components to ‘Cruise Control: Your Spending Plan’ are:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Budget</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Categorise</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Accounts</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Automate.</p><p>Budget</p><p>It starts with that dirty B word. There’s no doubt this is the reason so </p>
<p>many people fail at the first hurdle of sorting their money out. Don’t </p>
<p>sweat, I’m on your page with this! I’ve already made my disdain for </p>
<p>extreme frugality very clear and I promise I’m here to make this </p>
<p>palatable for you. So stay with me, because this is the next crucial </p>
<p>step to achieving Sufficient Funds.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>