<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>36</p><p>always being with us. My take on this is that instead of having to </p>
<p>create this for yourself and then struggle to ensure you don’t lose it </p>
<p>again, you can have the confidence to accept that it’s always there for </p>
<p>you to tap into. As Andy says, it’s kind of like knowing that the blue </p>
<p>sky is always there and although it can become hidden or distorted </p>
<p>by clouds, if you always remember it’s there, then you instantly feel </p>
<p>better and it’s easier to manage distractions.</p><p>This concept can be readily applied to decluttering your finances. </p>
<p>If the definition of declutter is to remove unnecessary items </p>
<p>from an untidy or overcrowded place, it can equally apply to </p>
<p>your overcrowded mind when you need to focus: right now that </p>
<p>overcrowded place is where you are making your day-­</p>
<p>to-­</p>
<p>day money </p>
<p>decisions. Think about your bank accounts, credit cards and any </p>
<p>debts. By simplifying your money and decluttering you free up </p>
<p>more headspace and reduce stress.</p><p>A sustained focus is key to remaining on track. Understand that you </p>
<p>have an innate ability to focus with clarity on your money decisions. </p>
<p>You just need the time, space and willpower to do it.</p><p>To be clear, by decluttering I’m not saying you need to remove </p>
<p>money from your world. Quite the opposite. You need a system that </p>
<p>ensures that every cent you earn flows into the right place with as </p>
<p>little effort as possible.</p><p>Decluttering every aspect of your life allows you to be more </p>
<p>productive and creative. You waste less time, spend more time on </p>
<p>things that are meaningful for you and feel healthier.</p><p>Now let’s get practical!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>