<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>86</p><p>Tax effectiveness — before you invest </p>
<p>you need this … </p><p>Let’s dive deeper into investing and taxes in Australia. As you strive </p>
<p>for Sufficient Funds, choosing the right tax structure is key. In fact, </p>
<p>for many investors, getting this one step right can have a far more </p>
<p>significant impact on the benefit of investing than whether your </p>
<p>shares, property or otherwise generates a 1, 5 or 10 per cent return! </p>
<p>Let me break it down for you.</p><p>We all know that taxes can take a big bite out of any income we </p>
<p>make. This is true of investment returns too. If you’re not paying </p>
<p>attention to tax when you choose your investments, you could </p>
<p>be leaving a heap of cash on the table. For example, investing </p>
<p>in superannuation can be a tax-­</p>
<p>effective strategy for long-­</p>
<p>term </p>
<p>savings. Imagine you’re investing $10 000 a year for 30 years. </p>
<p>If your gross (pre-­</p>
<p>tax) investment annual return is 8.5 per cent </p>
<p>and you invest that money in your own name at a 30 per cent tax </p>
<p>rate, you’ll end up with around $885 000 after 30 years. However, </p>
<p>if you invest that same amount in a 15 per cent tax environment </p>
<p>such as superannuation, you’ll end up with around $1.13 million. </p>
<p>That’s a difference of $245 000 just because you chose a more tax-­</p>
<p>effective strategy!</p><p>The rule to remember: get your tax structure right upfront! It can </p>
<p>be super costly to make changes down the line. For example, a </p>
<p>transfer of ownership of an investment property or shares from </p>
<p>you to a spouse would be seen as a sale, and you would need to pay </p>
<p>capital gains tax (CGT) on any gains made on the investment at </p>
<p>the time of ‘sale’. Your spouse would need to pay stamp duty to the </p>
<p>relevant state revenue office for the portion of the property they </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>