<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>103</p><p>In its simplest form, the lender (bank, credit union or building </p>
<p>society) will look at two different numbers to work out whether </p>
<p>they’re happy to lend you the money:</p><p>1.	  Your affordability . They will consider your income and </p>
<p>expenses to judge whether you’ll be able to make the loan </p>
<p>repayments each month.</p><p>2.	  Your equity (basically, the size of your deposit) . At the </p>
<p>moment in Australia you need at least a 5 per cent deposit, </p>
<p>but it’s generally recommended that you have more. You </p>
<p>also need to be able to cover stamp duty and your own legal </p>
<p>fees to have a solicitor review the contract.</p><p>If you already own your own home, you may be able to use the equity </p>
<p>(value minus loan amount) in it to draw a larger deposit.</p><p>You may be able to use a family member to ‘guarantee’ some of your </p>
<p>property loan if you don’t have the minimum deposit and they put </p>
<p>their home up to help you out. Speak to your mortgage broker to </p>
<p>help you with this.</p><p>A good mortgage broker can help you find the most appropriate </p>
<p>loan, often at a lower rate than offered to the general public, and will </p>
<p>do all the hard yards from application to settlement for you.</p><p>Mortgage brokers receive a commission on settlement, once all of </p>
<p>the work is done. This is paid by the lender themselves out of their </p>
<p>own profit margin, so it doesn’t cost you a cent. On top of this they </p>
<p>can offer their expert advice, complete all the loan paperwork and </p>
<p>negotiate with the lenders so you get exactly what you need.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>