<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>97</p><p>reduce your investment risk overall. Although the mix of </p>
<p>individual shares or other assets within a managed fund </p>
<p>may not be free for the choosing, you may be able to make </p>
<p>a higher-­</p>
<p>level decision around the type of mix you choose, </p>
<p>such as Growth (generally a higher proportion of higher-­</p>
<p>risk, higher-­</p>
<p>reward assets such as shares and property); </p>
<p>Conservative (a reduced amount of risk, with typically more </p>
<p>investment in cash or with fixed interest); or Balanced (as </p>
<p>the name suggests, a bit of both).</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Increased access . If the idea of entering a foreign share </p>
<p>market sounds a little out of your league, you’re not </p>
<p>alone. You might baulk at the idea of investing outside of </p>
<p>Australia, but with the instantaneous flow of information </p>
<p>now available it’s actually riskier  not  to explore beyond </p>
<p>our shores. The Australian share market makes up a </p>
<p>very small percentage (less than 3 per cent) of the total </p>
<p>combined size of global markets and is dominated by a </p>
<p>limited number of sectors, for example, resources and </p>
<p>finance. A great way to access these markets is through </p>
<p>a managed fund. With experienced fund managers who </p>
<p>often focus solely on their small piece of the world, </p>
<p>you are lowering your risk and can benefit from these </p>
<p>harder-­</p>
<p>to-­</p>
<p>reach opportunities without having to be an </p>
<p>independent expert.</p><p>This all sounds like an easy option, but there are some drawbacks:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>The pros aren’t giving it away . Okay, so professionals don’t </p>
<p>work for free. Fair enough. The fee you pay comes down to </p>
<p>the approach taken by the fund you invest in.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>