<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>176</p><p>influence, from famous motivational speakers to successful </p>
<p>business achievers to the resonant TikTok or Insta </p>
<p>influencer. Find someone, or something, that resonates and </p>
<p>subscribe! Again, automating is key. If you have this person </p>
<p>pop up on your social feed during your morning coffee </p>
<p>without even having to search, you are using social media </p>
<p>marketing to your advantage.</p><p>Whatever your motivator, you need to call on it regularly. Whether </p>
<p>it’s a chat with a friend or mentor, a flick through realestate.com for </p>
<p>your ideal location, a quick squiz at the latest Flight Centre deals or </p>
<p>some Insta inspo, find what stokes your fire and turn it up!</p><p>The only way you’re going to achieve your goals is by summoning </p>
<p>the necessary energy and enthusiasm. Go!</p><p>Redefine Sufficient</p><p>Hopefully you have now spent a lot of time and energy shaping </p>
<p>your definition of Sufficient, but remember it’s not a static concept. </p>
<p>From time to time, depending on what’s going on in your life </p>
<p>and in the world around you, you will need to review and update </p>
<p> </p>
<p>that definition.</p><p>A good starting point is to revisit chapter 1 to ensure you haven’t </p>
<p>missed anything or let a few old habits creep back in. Remember that </p>
<p>you set your definition of what a fulfilling and successful life looked </p>
<p>like for you. But I also cautioned that this was going to be done </p>
<p>to the ‘best of your ability’ at that point in time with your current </p>
<p>mindset. Perspectives shift and we can only see so far ahead. This is </p>
<p>revealed to me over and over again in the work we do with clients. </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>