<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>xxii</p><p>more momentum you’ll build and, ultimately, the happier and more </p>
<p>fulfilled you’ll be!</p><p>Following the steps I outline will allow you to take action now </p>
<p>towards living life on your own terms, spending money according </p>
<p>to your values, and always having money for the experiences and </p>
<p>things that seriously matter to you, now and forever!</p><p>I share a fair bit about me in these pages in the hope you can relate. </p>
<p>This book gets far more personal than most (sorry to Tash, who puts </p>
<p>up with my unabashed storytelling even though she is a much more </p>
<p>private person). I share a lot about our lives here, as well as stories </p>
<p>from people we’ve worked with, so you can see you’re not alone in </p>
<p>the challenges you face and that the solutions are very much within </p>
<p>your reach.</p><p>With my training, hands-on experience, lust for adventure and </p>
<p>no-holds-barred attitude to giving new things a crack, I’ve made </p>
<p>that connection in my own life and we’re now making it flow for </p>
<p>our clients.</p><p>This book will give you the skills and strategies needed to implement </p>
<p>your money plan in a way that allows you to live your ideal life. </p>
<p>Once you’ve worked out your life plan, you need to implement your </p>
<p>money plan. You also need to know how to reassess and adapt when </p>
<p>the shit hits the fan.</p><p>There’s plenty of information out there about the money side, but </p>
<p>very little about how to make that much-needed connection to your </p>
<p>life, which means you may struggle to implement your plan.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>