<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>101</p><p>a lot of property, shares now become a far more </p>
<p>attractive vehicle to rely on for ongoing income when </p>
<p>employment ceases.</p><p>Keep your eyes wide open when dabbling on Wall Street:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Be aware of the risk . You might find you have all your eggs </p>
<p>in one basket. The performance of one company can hugely </p>
<p>impact your investment, especially if you’re not spread </p>
<p>across a number of industries .  As a result, direct share </p>
<p>ownership can carry a higher risk than managed funds </p>
<p>or ETFs. With high stakes can come equally dramatic </p>
<p>nose dives.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Google investment school might not cut it . Investing in </p>
<p>individual stocks can be complex and requires a certain </p>
<p>level of knowledge and skill. While you don’t need a </p>
<p>university degree to be able to understand the basics of </p>
<p>the share market, it pays to have good industry knowledge </p>
<p>and, even better, good business knowledge in the sector in </p>
<p>which you wish to invest. This improves your chances of </p>
<p>making sound decisions about the viability of a company </p>
<p>before plunging your hard-­</p>
<p>earned stacks into it. If this is </p>
<p>definitely not your forte, you may be better off sticking with </p>
<p>an investment option where you have experts making these </p>
<p>decisions on your behalf.</p><p>Property</p><p>Investment property is everyone’s favourite asset class, right? </p>
<p>Property is a wonderful vehicle for long-­</p>
<p>term capital growth. One </p>
<p>of the benefits but also the risks is that you’re generally borrowing </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>