<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>143</p><p>Schooling</p><p>Unless you’re planning to start with private schooling from day one </p>
<p>of kindergarten, the transition from day care to school should bring </p>
<p>some sweet relief to your bank account!</p><p>This is us right now, and so far it’s pretty damn good! Six-­</p>
<p>year-­</p>
<p>old </p>
<p>and five-­</p>
<p>year-­</p>
<p>old time is very different from toddler time so, new </p>
<p>parents, you’ve heard it before, but it does get better!</p><p>Then there’s the extra financial freedom. We dropped from four </p>
<p>days a week with two kids at day care to just one, and we saved </p>
<p>nearly $18 000 a year. Imagine what you could do with this!</p><p>For us, if we chose to take this saving and put it into super or an </p>
<p>investment account, we’d have more than $880 000 extra between </p>
<p>us by the time we were 60.</p><p>Or you might have a $1 million mortgage and choose to pay these </p>
<p>savings there instead. This would have you paying out the loan </p>
<p>11 years earlier and save you $290 304 in interest.</p><p>You could also seriously dial up the contributions to your travel </p>
<p>fund, or like us you could mix it up. What you decide to do is entirely </p>
<p>up to you, but this is where you should be crunching the numbers </p>
<p>and balancing this with these priorities. The last thing you want </p>
<p>is to second guess the decision or be stressing about which way to </p>
<p>turn and not realise the significant positive impact each decision </p>
<p>can have on the life you’re trying to live.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>