<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>124</p><p>(chapter  3), but by the time you’re done with this chapter you’ll </p>
<p>also understand how to safeguard yourself and your family against </p>
<p>those bumps and bends in the road. I’ll talk about defending your </p>
<p>financial position: when to use your safety buffer; how to drop </p>
<p>everything when you need to; the importance of perspective; and </p>
<p>how to protect yourself against the unplannable with insurance.</p><p>Over the years, I’ve seen endless numbers of clients facing unforeseen </p>
<p>difficulties — from a serious medical diagnosis to the loss of a </p>
<p>partner in a tragic accident, from being laid off to experiencing a </p>
<p>relationship breakdown.</p><p>I’ve also witnessed clients benefitting from unanticipated events: </p>
<p>an unexpected inheritance from a distant relative; winning Lotto </p>
<p>(IRL!); a redundancy that has been positively life-­</p>
<p>changing.</p><p>Because none of these people anticipated these events, they had to </p>
<p>change their plans and rethink goals, adjust timelines for reaching </p>
<p>their targets and decide what realities to incorporate into their </p>
<p>current situation.</p><p>As a lot of our clients are under 40 years old, one common and </p>
<p>massive change is the addition of kidlets to the party.</p><p>I want to acknowledge that, for a multitude of reasons, having </p>
<p>children is not on the path for everyone, but it is something I’m </p>
<p>asked to advise on every single week. So I’ll dive into the impact a </p>
<p>family has on finances and I’ll tell you how this has panned out for </p>
<p>me personally.</p><p>None of this means your definition of Sufficient needs to change, </p>
<p>but your plan for achieving it may need some tweaks. We may not </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>