<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>80</p><p>Goal-­focused investment for the win!</p><p>Link your investments back to your goals and your definition of </p>
<p>Sufficient Funds. At the core of this book, my goal is to help you </p>
<p>make the connection between money and life. When you get this </p>
<p>right, achieving Sufficient Funds is just around the corner. Aside </p>
<p>from aligning your day-­</p>
<p>to-­</p>
<p>day spending with your values, and not </p>
<p>burning cash on crap you don’t care about (tick!), the next time this </p>
<p>concept becomes invaluable, and something you cannot skip over, </p>
<p>is when you’re ready to begin investing.</p><p>Investing without a plan is like starting a road trip without checking </p>
<p>if the car is roadworthy. You’ll enjoy the ride, until you’re stuck in the </p>
<p>bottom of Death Valley, California in 52 degrees Celsius, squatting </p>
<p>among the scorpions in the cacti, dealing with a bad burrito.</p><p>You need to know what you want to achieve (chapter 1), and your </p>
<p>investment choices need to link back to these specific goals. That’s </p>
<p>how you’ll make sure your investment strategy stands the test of </p>
<p>time and doesn’t fall apart when the markets momentarily tank, or </p>
<p>other external events intervene.</p><p>So what kind of plan should you have? It should be specific to your </p>
<p>goals and flexible enough to account for the unknowns that life </p>
<p>throws at you. For example, let’s say your goal is to save up for a </p>
<p>house deposit. In that case, your investment strategy should be </p>
<p>tailored towards that specific goal. You might be tempted to invest </p>
<p>in the share market, thinking it’ll give you higher returns than other </p>
<p>types of investments. But before you go down that path, ask yourself </p>
<p>if it’s the best investment strategy for  your goal .</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>