<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>37</p><p>Build your financial launchpad</p><p>Let’s put the LeBaron in the garage for a hot minute — it’s time to </p>
<p>talk rockets.</p><p>When building a house you don’t start with all the fancy bits. As </p>
<p>nice as it might sound, all the good stuff, like putting the pool in, </p>
<p>dropping the free-­</p>
<p>standing bath into the new ensuite, or kicking </p>
<p>back with a Corona by the fire pit and sliding freshly kneaded </p>
<p>dough into the outdoor pizza oven, doesn’t come first. These are the </p>
<p>cherries on top once all the work has been done.</p><p>Basics first. It’s time to build your financial launchpad!</p><p>For most of us, school didn’t teach us a single thing about money </p>
<p>and sadly, for the same reason I’m writing this book, a lot of parents </p>
<p>aren’t equipped to teach their kids either.</p><p>The money stuff tends to get messy quickly. It’s not uncommon for </p>
<p>us to see a 25-­</p>
<p>year-­</p>
<p>old with a bit of personal debt here, some savings </p>
<p>over there, a micro-­</p>
<p>investing account, some random shares, and of </p>
<p>course plans to buy property. In fact, it’s quite rare to meet someone </p>
<p>who hasn’t gone straight for the pizza oven, before laying the bricks </p>
<p>and putting the roof on.</p><p>A side note:  You’re never too old to get this part right, so even if you’re </p>
<p>55 and don’t have it all sorted and working for you yet, do not skip this!</p><p>Your launchpad is your starting point, your clear runway. It’s the </p>
<p>foundations of your money house that support everything else you’re </p>
<p>going to do. A robust launchpad will also help you accelerate anything </p>
<p>else you build on top.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>