<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>7</p><p>2.	 If someone gave you a billion dollars, how would you spend </p>
<p>it and what would you do to improve the world? ( … and this </p>
<p>is removing the constraints.)</p><p>I believe the day you accept that you’ve become an adult and you </p>
<p>need to get realistic about your future endeavours, dial back your </p>
<p>dreams and live the life society has planned for you, is the day you </p>
<p>die inside. A bit dramatic? No way!</p><p>Diamandis explains that thinking about what you wanted to be as </p>
<p>a child and what you would do with a billion dollars can help you </p>
<p>identify your passions and the things you care about. By exploring </p>
<p>these questions, you gain insight into what drives you and what kind </p>
<p>of impact you want to make on the world. He is relating this to the </p>
<p>business world, and specifically to what kind of company you might </p>
<p>start to solve a big-­</p>
<p>world problem, but we can apply this equally at a </p>
<p>personal level for our own achievements in our own lives.</p><p>The real kicker is question number 2. Pause on this for a second. A </p>
<p>billion dollars is more than you could spend on all the things you’ve </p>
<p>ever dreamed of. It’s more than you’d need for the house, jet, yacht, </p>
<p>all the travel, cars, and to never work again. You can have all of </p>
<p>this if you want it, but popping bottles and dropping thousands on </p>
<p>blackjack and private jets will get boring real quick, and you’ll still </p>
<p>have millions in the bank.</p><p>ACTIVITY</p>
<p>Find your purpose</p><p>Stop here and think about these two questions. Ultimately, </p>
<p>when money is no longer an issue, how will you keep yourself </p><p>( continued )</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>