<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>73</p><p>As soon as Nicola has maxed out her $50 000 contributed towards </p>
<p>the FHSS she plans to continue contributing at a lower rate to max </p>
<p>out her concessional (pre-­</p>
<p>tax) contributions cap. At that point her </p>
<p>debt stack will become the mortgage, and super will be utilised </p>
<p>solely for a long-­</p>
<p>term, tax-­</p>
<p>free retirement income. More on super, </p>
<p>and why it should matter a lot to you right now, soon.</p><p>You may have picked up on the fact that Nicola is currently putting </p>
<p>more into super than her annual concessional contributions cap allows. </p>
<p>At the time of writing the cap is $30 000 and her employer pays her </p>
<p>Super Guarantee Contributions of $24 420 simply because she earns </p>
<p>$220 000 and this is currently legislated at 11.5 per cent. So when she </p>
<p>adds $15 000 of her own contribution to this she is blowing the annual </p>
<p>cap out of the water by $9420. The good news is that she is able to </p>
<p>benefit from the ‘carry-­</p>
<p>forward’ contribution rules. As she doesn’t yet </p>
<p>have $500 000 in super, and her income increased significantly recently, </p>
<p>she has a lot more room to move with her previous year’s caps, which </p>
<p>she can now utilise to top up her super fund for the FHSS and still </p>
<p>benefit from the tax deductions available as a result. WINNING!</p><p>Remember, you don’t need to extinguish all debts before you start </p>
<p>investing!</p><p>Bad debt should absolutely be zeroed before tackling anything other </p>
<p>than creating a small emergency fund. Other debts, however — in </p>
<p>particular any educational loans such as HECS/HELP, your </p>
<p>mortgage and any investment loans — and the decision to pay these </p>
<p>down faster than the contracted minimum repayments, should </p>
<p>become part of your greater strategy and one of your options in </p>
<p>terms of where you direct surplus funds each pay cycle. Just because </p>
<p>you have a mortgage doesn’t mean you shouldn’t be investing or </p>
<p>potentially contributing to super.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>