<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>127</p><p>out. Your focus on this has allowed you to deal with your actual </p>
<p>emergency, instead of creating a new, and possibly longer-­</p>
<p>term, </p>
<p>financial problem. Cracking effort!</p><p>Adding kids, not zeros</p><p>Full disclosure:  It’s important to note that I’m coming at this </p>
<p>incredibly sensitive topic as a male. If you spend a bit of time on </p>
<p>Reddit, you might be familiar with the acronym AITA: Am I the </p>
<p>asshole?</p><p>So, I fell asleep while Tash was in labour with our first child. AITA? </p>
<p>I like to believe I’m not the only partner who’s taken a snooze </p>
<p>during such a momentous event, but I do acknowledge the non-­</p>
<p>childbearing privilege the act represents.</p><p>Now, while I’m never going to experience every aspect of the </p>
<p>following topics, what I can and will bring to this is deep personal </p>
<p>experience in a bunch of areas that include planning a family, </p>
<p>fertility issues, supporting my wife through pregnancy, major </p>
<p>pregnancy complications and extensive time in hospital, as well </p>
<p>as pregnancy loss. I’m a dad to two IVF kids who are now five </p>
<p>and six years old. We’ve had babies in intensive care, and day </p>
<p>care and school transitions are now relevant, and of course </p>
<p>I’ve been involved in financial planning around these topics for </p>
<p>hundreds of clients of Sufficient Funds over the past five or so </p>
<p>years. So while we’re here I also want to acknowledge that we’ve </p>
<p>been through some really tough times ourselves through all </p>
<p>this, I know this can be an emotional topic for a lot of us, as </p>
<p>well as a very costly one. I’m incredibly privileged to work with </p>
<p>countless young people in building financial plans around these </p>
<p>big moments, and my deep understanding of what people are </p>
<p>dealing with is based on my having been through it all myself.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>