<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>113</p><p>that earnings from crypto are not taxable. The ATO will </p>
<p>view this as income so be very careful if you’re cashing in </p>
<p>to ensure you speak with your accountant as to how this </p>
<p>should be treated.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>It’s not liquid gold . On the flip side of this asset type being </p>
<p>completely digital and able to be accessed using a self-­</p>
<p>service model, cryptocurrency is not always as liquid as </p>
<p>some more traditional assets. If you find yourself in a </p>
<p>position where you need to sell off your coins fast to access </p>
<p>cash, it can be difficult, as each sale still needs a willing </p>
<p>buyer and will depend on the users on the particular </p>
<p>exchange you’ve chosen to use.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Nerd alert — you’ll need to do your homework . Okay, the </p>
<p>learning curve is real! Be prepared for your brain to hurt </p>
<p>a little bit. Cryptocurrency is a whole new world, new </p>
<p>language, new financial ecosystem that you need to get </p>
<p>your head around. Concepts like wallets, exchanges and </p>
<p>blockchain are just the beginning. No wonder Parliament is </p>
<p>taking their time … hehe!</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Danger is real, but fear is a choice!  Don’t panic, but crypto </p>
<p>investment is considered risky business and it’s not for </p>
<p>the faint-­</p>
<p>hearted. You need to be prepared (mentally and </p>
<p>financially) to take the risk. Markets can rise quickly and </p>
<p>fall in an instant. Potentially high rewards may require high </p>
<p>risks. It can be a bit of a rollercoaster — full of thrills as your </p>
<p>investment rises but also nauseatingly steep descents. You </p>
<p>may need to hang on through a few ups and downs, so if </p>
<p>adrenalin isn’t your thing, or you just like your money too </p>
<p>damn much, it may be best to stick to the carousel!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>