<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>64</p><p>This is your chance to change the course of your life forever, and </p>
<p>putting in the hard yards now will make all the difference. Also, </p>
<p>investing without an emergency fund means if an emergency does </p>
<p>occur in your life, you’re then at the mercy of having your cash in </p>
<p>a higher-­</p>
<p>risk environment and of it not being there the day you </p>
<p>desperately need it.</p><p>Can I start with zero dollars?</p>
<p>Starting with $0 is perfect. You’re not alone. It’s the structure that’s </p>
<p>so crucial here, not the amounts in it. If close to $0 is your current </p>
<p>reality, this new system for your money will help ensure you’re </p>
<p>giving yourself every chance of future financial success, even if </p>
<p>you’re not feeling it right now.</p><p>ACTIVITY</p>
<p>Get off the couch and get money fit by doing </p>
<p>one or two of these each week:</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>Automate your bills, including quarterly and annual bills.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>Make sure bills are emailed not posted.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>Turf all the paper, scanning the important things </p>
<p>using Evernote.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>Close unnecessary bank accounts.</p><p>■</p>
<p>■</p>
<p>Consolidate debts.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>