<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>27</p><p>loans, free education and healthcare, and low-­</p>
<p>cost land. In 2011 </p>
<p>they were given free food for 13 months!</p><p>This all sounds pretty good, right?</p><p>Wrong. As Dr Fraser explained, one result of their extreme privilege </p>
<p>was a deep sense of entitlement. He recounted how it’s not unusual </p>
<p>to see families hanging out at the beach on a mid-­</p>
<p>week afternoon </p>
<p>instead of working, and to see 18-­</p>
<p>year-­</p>
<p>olds cruising around in Rolls-­</p><p>Royces and Bentleys. They are given or can purchase whatever they </p>
<p>need or want yet despite this overall happiness levels have declined. </p>
<p>It turns out that removing life’s challenges, imagining this would </p>
<p>make everyone happier, has in fact had the opposite effect.</p><p>There are some key lessons we can all take away from this on the </p>
<p>road to Sufficient Funds.</p><p>BEING TOO COMFORTABLE MAY HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT</p><p>If you’re left not wanting for anything, you are unlikely to try very </p>
<p>hard. It is for this reason that wealthy parents need to teach their </p>
<p>kids how to grow their own wealth and make their own way in the </p>
<p>world, regardless of what they may be set to inherit.</p><p>HAVING A CHALLENGING GOAL TO STRIVE TOWARDS IS KEY </p>
<p>TO REMAINING MOTIVATED</p><p>This is why I’ve highlighted the need to think big when setting </p>
<p>your goals. Set them at a level that will really push you. If you’re not </p>
<p>motivated, you’re unlikely to jump any hurdles as they arise.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>