<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>185</p><p>someone relatable, with high emotional intelligence, </p>
<p>coach you through the conversations you need to have </p>
<p>around your life and the intertwined monetary aspects is </p>
<p>crucial. This is so important during the inevitable ups and </p>
<p>downs. When it comes to making rational and sometimes </p>
<p>emotional money decisions, a financial adviser can provide </p>
<p>guidance and help protect you from your own impulsive </p>
<p>spending habits and investment decisions.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>On track with your stacks   (We’re your accountability </p>
<p>buddy) . We all need someone to keep us on track, and a </p>
<p>financial adviser is an expert in this space. Support through </p>
<p>regular meetings and check-­</p>
<p>ins can help you stay the course </p>
<p>and make timely adjustments to your plan.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Regulation and compliance  ( We know, and play by, the </p>
<p>rules ). There are heavy rules that govern how we operate </p>
<p>as a profession. A financial adviser is legally obligated to </p>
<p>provide advice that is in your best interests.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Time saving   (We’ve got the time) . Whether it’s </p>
<p>researching investment options, analysing market trends </p>
<p>and legislation changes, or making sure your Plan is fully </p>
<p>actioned (implemented), these activities are highly time </p>
<p>consuming. Even for the most money-­</p>
<p>savvy individuals, </p>
<p>having someone take this major responsibility off your </p>
<p>plate can free up your time and brainpower to focus on </p>
<p>other aspects that meet your definition of Sufficient. You </p>
<p>do you, we do money.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>