<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>4</p><p>first time in our lives we were starting to earn decent money but we </p>
<p>couldn’t enjoy any of it.</p><p>Understand that all life decisions have  </p>
<p>a money aspect to them.</p><p>This is one of those cases where money and life intersected in a big </p>
<p>way, but more important than money was the positive thinking and </p>
<p>self-­</p>
<p>belief needed to make it work. It required a focus on achieving </p>
<p>our small goals and positively reinforcing that self-­</p>
<p>belief that we </p>
<p>could get there.</p><p>As we saved hard for our wedding we also had to plan for it, book </p>
<p>venues, send invites and book the honeymoon. We also started </p>
<p>searching for our first home. I was negotiating simultaneously </p>
<p>with real estate agents and cake decorators. I quickly learned the </p>
<p>geography of Sydney as I visited clients who lived anywhere within </p>
<p>100 kilometres of where we lived, often arriving home very late at </p>
<p>night. Tash was completing her Master’s in Medical Science full </p>
<p>time as well as climbing the ladder in her 10-­</p>
<p> to 12-­</p>
<p>hour-­</p>
<p>a-­</p>
<p>day job.</p><p>These challenges taught us to be organised, support each other, </p>
<p>make the most of any spare time and not to sweat the small stuff. </p>
<p>More importantly, it taught us self-­</p>
<p>belief and positivity. Without </p>
<p>these key ingredients, all the planning, efficiency, saving and </p>
<p>support in the world wouldn’t have meant squat.</p><p>Everyone longs for Sufficient Funds, but few actually achieve it, </p>
<p>mainly because they don’t believe in themselves, and small obstacles </p>
<p>turn into more couch time and less action.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>