<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>45</p><p>Money nerd talking: you might also get to claim some of your rent </p>
<p>or mortgage as tax deductible, but get appropriate tax advice from </p>
<p>a good accountant.</p><p>We live in a global society. Just as many others have done before </p>
<p>you, embrace it and see where it takes you.</p><p>Live somewhere cheaper</p><p>City living is ridiculously expensive in comparison to regional areas. </p>
<p>Either commute further (and spend the travel time on your side-­</p>
<p>hustle or listening to podcasts!), work remotely or set up a virtual </p>
<p>business like ours, so you can be location independent and remove </p>
<p>the impulse spending distractions that are so prevalent in big cities.</p><p>Don’t cut the holiday — turn it into a savings </p>
<p>opportunity</p><p>Everyone needs regular breaks to relax, dream bigger and reset. In </p>
<p>line with your definition of Sufficient, think about what you need </p>
<p>for a holiday to be enjoyable and tick your true value boxes. This </p>
<p>might involve finding cheaper places to travel, getting away from </p>
<p>the five-­</p>
<p>star resorts that may have got you into this mess in the first </p>
<p>place. Staying in hostels can be a great way to meet people and see </p>
<p>the world.</p><p>Planning ahead and booking your holidays 12 to 18  months in </p>
<p>advance can score you some serious deals, leaving more money in </p>
<p>your pocket to spend on experiences and creating memories that last </p>
<p>a lifetime. Time to lock in that Icelandic adventure. Thank me later!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>