<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>16</p><p>Sufficient Funds isn’t stopping work forever, but enjoying the work </p>
<p>you do so you don’t feel the need to escape it.</p><p>Step 2: Think bigger</p><p>Now you have at least some of your key strengths down on paper </p>
<p>and you’ve thought about the weaknesses you want to avoid, it’s </p>
<p>time to leave the small things behind. Clear the runway, it’s time to </p>
<p>chase down your biggest ever hopes and dreams.</p><p>In his old-­</p>
<p>school but still relevant book  The Magic of Thinking Big , </p>
<p>David Schwartz suggests, ‘Look at things not as they are, but as they </p>
<p>can be. Visualization adds value to everything. A big thinker always </p>
<p>visualizes what can be done in the future.’</p><p>This could be anything. I’m not going to tell you what to aim for, </p>
<p>but when you’re thinking about this stuff, it has to get the heart </p>
<p>pumping. Make sure it excites you. I might not roll out of bed for a </p>
<p>wet weekend caravanning in Tamworth, but I’d consider trading my </p>
<p>first-­</p>
<p>born for a week heli-­</p>
<p>skiing in the Canadian Rockies.</p><p>Your goals need to be big enough to give you the motivation to chase </p>
<p>them down. A good yardstick for this is, when you tell your family </p>
<p>about it, expect to get answers such as, ‘Why would you want to do </p>
<p>that?’ or ‘That sounds hard’ or ‘That’s too dangerous — you’re not a </p>
<p>risk taker’ or ‘How could you afford to do that?’</p><p>To prime your thinking, here are some examples I’ve loved hearing </p>
<p>from my clients:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Buy a yacht and sail the world for 12 months.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>