<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>60</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Car.  Paying the balloon/residual value on a car loan and </p>
<p>keeping the car.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Home renovations.  For minor upgrades, not major renos </p>
<p>where you’re generally extending the home loan.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Shooting-­</p>
<p>through fund.  Sadly this will be a reality for </p>
<p>many, including those suffering financial or domestic abuse. </p>
<p>Having a back-­</p>
<p>up account in your own name outside of the </p>
<p>emergency fund could be critical.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Financial freedom fund.  Helping you leverage your time to </p>
<p>spend it aligned to your definition of Sufficient — more on </p>
<p>this in chapter 3.</p><p>For some people, keeping separate accounts for each of these extras </p>
<p>works best. Others are comfortable storing at least some of the </p>
<p>different squirrel funds in one account. This is quite common if </p>
<p>you’re using an offset account with your home loan and are trying to </p>
<p>achieve a higher interest saving. Again, though, if combining funds </p>
<p>becomes confusing and more time-­</p>
<p>consuming, you’ll be more </p>
<p>likely to overspend, so don’t get stuck chasing the interest saving </p>
<p>when structure, which drives behaviour, beats interest saving every </p>
<p>day of the week. When in doubt, silo your money, name accounts </p>
<p>accordingly and keep it flowing!</p><p>Automate</p><p>Got the accounts sorted? Time to make it FLOW! You are human, </p>
<p>don’t let this fact ruin your big plans. The point of automating is to </p>
<p>remove you from the system by following these steps in order:</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>