<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>188</p><p>In chapter  5, I took you through the financial planning process </p>
<p>and numerous examples of Redefining Sufficient as you achieve </p>
<p>milestones or as shifts occur in your life. Redefining Sufficient will </p>
<p>be a constant part of your life and will help ensure you stay motivated </p>
<p>and on track. This is a crucial element of being fulfilled. Remember, </p>
<p>you’re not striving for a permanent recliner beach chair from which </p>
<p>to gaze at the horizon. You’re seeking constant progress and its </p>
<p>associated sense of achievement. This is what brings happiness.</p><p>What if it’s not all rosy and I stumble or fall?</p><p>I want you to accept that life is going to throw you curveballs, and </p>
<p>to be prepared when it happens. If you’ve carefully followed each of </p>
<p>the chapters in sequence, you should be as financially prepared as </p>
<p>you possibly can be. Of course this won’t eliminate the emotional </p>
<p>toll resulting from an unanticipated event such as a death in the </p>
<p>family, a medical emergency or a business collapse, and this is where </p>
<p>building a strong support network around you can help.</p><p>Here is our vision for what our clients will achieve:</p><p>They will define, achieve and reach beyond Sufficient Funds. They </p>
<p>will have the confidence and clarity to create a lifelong shift from </p>
<p>hopes and dreams to reality. They will create abundant wealth, </p>
<p>and have the time and health to enjoy it.</p><p>The key here is the reach. The stretch. I want you not only to achieve </p>
<p>Sufficient, but to reach beyond Sufficient towards Abundance. In </p>
<p>chapter 1, I proposed that your goals need to be big enough to give </p>
<p>you the motivation to chase them down. As Richard Branson once </p>
<p>said, ‘If people aren’t calling you crazy, you aren’t thinking big </p>
<p>enough.’ Remaining on track is one thing, but constantly pushing </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>