<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>130</p><p>Whether they’d like one or two kids or the whole footy team, </p>
<p>we work with them to plan for it. If family history, health issues </p>
<p>or sexuality point to the possible need for fertility treatment, we </p>
<p>include it in the plan.</p><p>Because what will eventuate in this space is, to say the least, </p>
<p>unpredictable you need to be confident your emergency fund is </p>
<p>ready and that you know how you’re going to pivot if the shit hits </p>
<p>the fan. The fertility journey and accompanying medical diagnoses </p>
<p>can be stressful, but having your money sorted will prove to be a </p>
<p>massive stress reliever.</p><p>We are so grateful things turned out as they did for us. We have two </p>
<p>healthy IVF kids, and while Tash still has ongoing medical costs </p>
<p>with endo, we know it’s an extra line in our budget and we roll with </p>
<p>the punches.</p><p>We estimate endo has cost us, on average, around $7500 a year </p>
<p>for the past decade or so. This cost doesn’t include IVF and </p>
<p>other fertility treatments and nor does it take into account lost </p>
<p>productivity. Because we know endo will be an ongoing cost for our </p>
<p>family, we have our ‘endo fund’ set aside. A recent Australian study </p>
<p>has estimated the average economic burden of endo to be around </p>
<p>$20 000 per patient per year. This includes health costs, productivity </p>
<p>costs and carer/household costs. This is a mind-­</p>
<p>blowing amount </p>
<p>of money when you consider this condition impacts one in seven </p>
<p>people with a uterus.</p><p>None of us ever wants to plan for either acute or chronic illness, </p>
<p>but it’s a fact of life and as optimistic realists we recognise the </p>
<p>importance of a broad understanding of potential costs, and a </p>
<p>chunky emergency fund to boot!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>