<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>125</p><p>be able to predict how and when the spanners will be thrown, but </p>
<p>we sure as hell can be prepared to dodge them, or catch them and </p>
<p>put them to good use!</p><p>Using your emergency fund — remember </p>
<p>it’s not your money!</p><p>I’ve already covered the emergency fund, one of the foundations </p>
<p>of your Spending Plan. Speaking from personal experience, it feels </p>
<p>great to have a buffer tucked away. The kicker is there’s a good </p>
<p>chance you’ll need it one day.</p><p>In chapter  2, I talked about the concept of tucking away your </p>
<p>emergency fund and never thinking about it again. Imagine it’s not </p>
<p>yours! Because the reality is that if you’re seeing it as something you </p>
<p>plan to use for something else, it’ll play on your emotions. You built </p>
<p>this up and felt more and more secure as it grew. You might feel </p>
<p>scared that you’re accessing your buffer, disappointed that you’ve </p>
<p>reached a situation where you need it, but remember, as long as </p>
<p>you’ve always viewed this as not your own, as long as it was never </p>
<p>allocated to anything else, then — crisis averted!</p><p>At this point, you’re going to need to return to that key element we </p>
<p>spoke about before you even started to define your Sufficient life: </p>
<p>your mindset. Again, mindset is everything, but when you’re stuck </p>
<p>in a rut and having to access emergency funds, your mindset is going </p>
<p>to be challenged. It’s at moments like these that your crystal-­</p>
<p>clear </p>
<p>focus on your values and your definition of Sufficient are going to be </p>
<p>critical. Go back and revisit what it is you truly value and remember </p>
<p>this: you’re not going to be in this rut forever. The  situation </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>