<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>118</p><p>Super is a phenomenal way to build a really solid nest egg for when </p>
<p>you need it later in life. It’s all done in a tax-­</p>
<p>effective environment, </p>
<p>which means when you finally do get to access your super, what you </p>
<p>see is what you get. Unlike any other investments you build outside </p>
<p>super, which may be taxed fairly heavily when you sell them, this </p>
<p>pot of gold is all tax free once you hit the right age.</p><p>When it comes to strategy, we are always working with clients on </p>
<p>finding the right amount to invest in the super stack. Here’s how </p>
<p>I’d like you to think about your super. It’s not the only place for </p>
<p>‘retirement savings’, but it could be the cream on top.</p><p>Of course, it needs to align with your version of Sufficient Funds, </p>
<p>but ideally this includes creating huge future buffers if you have the </p>
<p>ability, while neither stretching yourself nor sacrificing life now. </p>
<p>With buffers full, ideally your story is not: ‘I’ll pay the house off</p>
<p> </p>
<p>by the time I retire, and whatever I can get into super will fund my </p>
<p>remaining days.’ How about this instead: ‘I’m on track to pay the </p>
<p>house off before I’m 55, and I’m consistently piling mad stacks for </p>
<p>my future financial freedom fund (this allows me to work because I </p>
<p>choose to, early retirement, three-­</p>
<p>month travel stints, volunteering, </p>
<p>family time) and I’m maxing out super contributions, which will </p>
<p>give me the ultimate freedom once I can tap into this.’</p><p>Ideally you are also building assets (read: shares, property and other, </p>
<p>as discussed earlier in this chapter) outside of super, and outside of </p>
<p>your home, so you have financial security and freedom way before </p>
<p>you get too old to enjoy it!</p><p>One major benefit of contributing to super is that it is essentially </p>
<p>‘forced savings’. Your retirement savings are for retirement and, </p>
<p>apart from a few early-­</p>
<p>access options in very specific circumstances, </p>
<p>can’t legally be spent earlier.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>