<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>170</p><p>Where possible, when identifying the cause, keep it streamlined and </p>
<p>simple. Make a conscious decision to support one or two that have </p>
<p>true meaning for you, rather than a handful that you don’t necessarily </p>
<p>align with. Either way make sure it is a conscious decision.</p><p>For some it’s a no-­</p>
<p>brainer; for others it’s a more considered choice. </p>
<p>You might feel pressure to choose the ‘right’ cause or to be able to </p>
<p> </p>
<p>explain why you chose it. If you find yourself in a spin, here are </p>
<p>my top tips for identifying your cause. You may be able to clarify </p>
<p>your philanthropic goals, identify your priorities, and make well-­</p>
<p>informed decisions on aligning your donations with your values </p>
<p>and your definition of Sufficient Funds. Ask yourself the following </p>
<p>questions (if you have a parent approaching a time when they </p>
<p>are considering where to transfer their wealth, and they want to </p>
<p>include charity as well as family, these questions might help with </p>
<p>that conversation):</p><p>•	</p>
<p>What cause do I want to look back on in 10 years’ time and </p>
<p>feel I was right to support it?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Do I want to support something in my own backyard </p>
<p>or would I prefer to make a difference to a national or </p>
<p>global issue?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>How soon do I want to be able to see the impact?  Do  </p>
<p>I prefer to support immediate relief efforts, long-­</p>
<p>term </p>
<p>systemic change or perhaps a combination of both?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Do I need to see the results of my donations to motivate </p>
<p>me to save more for this cause?  Reflect on the issues that </p>
<p>personally resonate and will drive savings in line with your </p>
<p>core values. Does the mission of a particular organisation </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>