<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>19</p><p>Experiences or things — why can’t </p>
<p>I have both?</p><p>We’ve touched on this already, and it’s guaranteed to pop up as </p>
<p>a recurring theme as you continue to define your Sufficient life. </p>
<p>‘Buy experiences not things’ is a popular meme for good reason. </p>
<p>Choosing materialism (more possessions) over experiencing what </p>
<p>the world has to offer is a terrible waste. Minimalism is trending </p>
<p>and no one wants to be the hoarder on the block.</p><p>Most people tend to naturally favour one over the other, and many </p>
<p>couples I work with are learning the art of compromise to allow </p>
<p>for both in their lives. Of course, experiences and things are not </p>
<p>mutually exclusive, and sometimes you need to just chill out and </p>
<p>run with whatever gets you going at that point in time.</p><p>One thing I’ll never do is tell you there is only one way to live your </p>
<p>life. What tickles you in all the right places is none of my business. </p>
<p>I can provide all the guidance in the world and ask challenging </p>
<p>questions to help you get there, but in the end it’s all about you.</p><p>The best financial advisers and life coaches I know always remain </p>
<p>impartial. When it comes to experiences and/or things, you do you. </p>
<p>Following this process, either solo or with a partner, will demand </p>
<p>that you consider where your values lie. Just remember that wherever </p>
<p>you end up is fine.</p><p>Knowing this will help you navigate the twists and turns on the road </p>
<p>to Sufficient Funds and accelerate towards your goals with confidence.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>