<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>88</p><p>rate, and this approach alone can make it incredibly attractive for </p>
<p>many investors.</p><p>Be aware that because of the tax benefits available, there are also </p>
<p>a  few rules around how much you can contribute (usually only </p>
<p>125 per cent of last year’s contribution) and the 10-­</p>
<p>year access point </p>
<p>for tax-­</p>
<p>free withdrawals.</p><p>Some of these products are widely used for saving for children’s </p>
<p>education. There can be additional tax benefits if used specifically </p>
<p>for education, and a number of our clients utilise this special </p>
<p>structure where appropriate.</p><p>3. Family trusts</p><p>A family trust is a legal structure where assets are held and </p>
<p>managed by a trustee for its beneficiaries. This option can be great </p>
<p>if you want to invest with your family or distribute income to those </p>
<p>in a lower tax bracket. The trust’s income is usually distributed to </p>
<p>beneficiaries based on their individual tax rates. This means that </p>
<p>if you have family members who earn less than you, you may be </p>
<p>able to distribute the income generated from your investments </p>
<p>to them, thereby reducing your overall tax liability.  Note this </p>
<p>is a strategy that should only ever be acted upon as a result of </p>
<p>good financial advice.</p><p>There are some downsides to using a family trust, however. One of </p>
<p>the main ones is the cost of setting it up and maintaining it. You’ll </p>
<p>need to engage a lawyer or an accountant to set up the trust, and </p>
<p>you’ll need to pay annual fees to maintain it. And it becomes another </p>
<p>entity for which you are responsible when it comes to reporting to </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>