<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>28</p><p>YOUR SENSE OF SELF-­WORTH DEPENDS ON OVERCOMING </p>
<p>CHALLENGES</p><p>Toddlers are great for highlighting this. Their rate of growth is </p>
<p>exponential. We watch them learn to crawl, walk, talk, feed them­</p>
<p>selves, swim, ride a bike and countless other new tricks, it’s crazy to </p>
<p>see them gain the confidence they need and move on to the next thing.</p><p>Our kids as toddlers had bumps and bruises all over as they were </p>
<p>constantly falling over, colliding with the furniture and throwing </p>
<p>things at each other. This is really tough but we’ve always tried not to </p>
<p>be ‘helicopter parents’ in the hope of building their resilience. Even </p>
<p>before they hit three years old we were seeing massive confidence </p>
<p>building as a result. Sure, they fall down and cry every now and </p>
<p>then, but a few scratches are only going to strengthen them for the </p>
<p>years to come. It’s kind of cool to see this playing out as they grow, </p>
<p>especially in their willingness to try new things and not shy away </p>
<p>from challenges. As Tony Robbins puts it, ‘progress equals happiness’.</p><p>This is true for adults too, but as we ‘settle down’ (urgh!), our growth </p>
<p>can be much slower and we’re more likely to become set in our ways.</p><p>This is why so many people who win the lotto end up struggling. </p>
<p>They skipped all the hurdles that are part of accumulating </p>
<p>financial assets.</p><p>The Kuwait example shows us how unhappy we could become if </p>
<p>we were to rely on someone else to dictate our future. If you think </p>
<p>someone else will do it for you, or that is your plan, it will likely </p>
<p>end in tears.</p><p>The major lesson here: you create your own future. Use this chapter </p>
<p>to do exactly that.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>