<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>85</p><p>Not. Cool.</p><p>A tax deduction can help make an investment more affordable, but </p>
<p>if that investment doesn’t perform, you still lose.</p><p>I see this with new clients all the time. Many of us have fallen </p>
<p>into the trap of using the idea of a tax deduction as an excuse for </p>
<p>purchasing something. It’s like a discount in a way. The trouble is, </p>
<p>this type of behaviour will lead you into a false sense of security, </p>
<p>feeling like you have your finances under control. And that feeling </p>
<p>is dangerous if it leads you to make decisions based on false </p>
<p>assumptions like this.</p><p>Stop and ask yourself whether you’re really benefiting. If you’re not </p>
<p>sure, speak to a professional.</p><p>Let me shout this out one more time: if you’re tempted to do </p>
<p>something purely for the tax deduction, please don’t.</p><p>Investing, purchasing insurance, leasing a car or making any other </p>
<p>decision that involves spending to get a tax deduction? Do it because </p>
<p>it’s a good idea that you would have done without the tax benefit, </p>
<p>and now you can claim that spending back as a bonus.</p><p>I hope this helps clear up this myth and ensure you think twice </p>
<p>about chasing tax breaks that might not be all that helpful for you. </p>
<p>Remember that when you have a large amount of tax to pay, this </p>
<p>can only ever come about because you’ve made good money. I’m </p>
<p>not saying don’t go hard trying to legally retrieve as much of this as </p>
<p>possible, but do it with options that are still beneficial.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>