<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>38</p><p>Here are the three components of your launchpad:</p><p>1.	  Dealing with debt.  Start with a new rule:  no personal debt . </p>
<p>This includes credit card and lifestyle debt; some loans </p>
<p>(such as for car and house) are okay.</p><p>2.	  Cruise Control: Your Spending Plan.  We’ve been using </p>
<p>this system personally and with our clients for many years </p>
<p>now. Done right, it will put your basic money sitch on </p>
<p>steroids and help you keep more of what you earn and make </p>
<p>far more confident day-­</p>
<p>to-­</p>
<p>day money decisions. This one is </p>
<p>a game changer.</p><p>3.	  Protection plan.  WTF is this? It’s life insurance and </p>
<p>income protection. Chapter 4 covers this in more detail, </p>
<p>but I’m dripping this one in slowly to save you from </p>
<p>closing the book, skipping away and burying your head </p>
<p>in the sand.</p><p>Once you have these sorted you can then run out and tackle all the </p>
<p>big things. Go nuts!</p><p>I’m keeping this light but it will give you the tools and a few ideas on </p>
<p>how to get there more quickly.</p><p>Dealing with debt</p><p>Let’s face it, personal debt can be overwhelmingly stressful. I’m </p>
<p>referring here to what is loosely known as ‘bad debt’. Whether it’s </p>
<p>credit cards, personal loans or both, the feeling of owing money can </p>
<p>leave us feeling trapped and anxious. The good news is there are </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>