<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>71</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Stack 2 (Savings):  Nicola is funnelling $1500 per month </p>
<p>into her travel fund. Her number one ongoing priority </p>
<p>is what she calls ‘adventure’, and she is actively spending </p>
<p>this in one to two epic trips per year. She also just finished </p>
<p>saving $8000 to fund freezing her eggs (more on this in the </p>
<p>next chapter), as well as funding some of her future home </p>
<p>deposit with savings in the bank.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Stack 3 (Investment):  With her work, Nicola has the ongoing </p>
<p>need to be flexible around which city or state she lives in. </p>
<p>She wants to stay open to all opportunities, but renting </p>
<p>and being debt free are key flexibility factors. She is saving </p>
<p>approximately $5000 a month, and to help fund her house </p>
<p>deposit she is now investing 50 per cent of this in a parcel of </p>
<p>managed funds (read more about different ways to invest in </p>
<p>the share market later in this section). The idea here is she </p>
<p>is spreading her surplus cash between share investment (a </p>
<p>growth asset with more risk, but likely more return over five </p>
<p>to seven years or more) and bank savings (cash is a defensive </p>
<p>asset, with little or no risk but a likely lower return).</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Stack 4 (Super):  The final portion of her cash is now being </p>
<p>utilised in the First Home Super Saver Scheme (FHSS). As </p>
<p>a first home buyer, she is able to contribute $50 000 under </p>
<p>the FHSS, at a maximum of $15 000 per annum. She is </p>
<p>going to make concessional (pre-­</p>
<p>tax) contributions to super </p>
<p>of $15 000 for the next three financial years, and one final </p>
<p>contribution of $5000. She is doing this as soon as possible, </p>
<p>rather than spreading it over five or more years, because </p>
<p>the deemed rate of return inside super under the FHSS is </p>
<p>higher than the savings rate paid by banks and therefore a </p>
<p>more attractive yet still very safe option for her.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>