<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>59</p><p>Coming out of COVID-­</p>
<p>related lockdowns with a fully stacked </p>
<p> </p>
<p>travel fund felt pretty good. One of the benefits of a less adventurous </p>
<p>two years.</p><p>6. GIFTS</p><p>This is without a doubt the most commonly underestimated item in </p>
<p>our clients’ budgets, and it was a surprise for us personally until we </p>
<p>stopped and made our own list. Tash and I tend to be fairly generous </p>
<p>when it comes to buying presents. I think this is fine, but it adds up </p>
<p>quickly, especially if you have a big family, a bunch of nieces and </p>
<p>nephews, or if you’re in the 25-­</p>
<p> to 35-­</p>
<p>year-­</p>
<p>old ‘wedding zone’. Typically </p>
<p>I suggest you list everyone you’d like to be buying for, break it down </p>
<p>by birthdays and holidays, then add the other likely ad hoc items like </p>
<p>engagements, weddings and other specific cultural celebrations.</p><p>If you think you spend only $1000 a year on gifts, my guess is you </p>
<p>may need to more than double that. When we first did this, our list </p>
<p>quickly added up to more than $5000 p.a. Totally fine if you can </p>
<p>afford it, and it’s something you value, but worth a squiz just in case.</p><p>Card access required:  NO</p>
<p>Starting balance before pay lands:  $0 (or 50 per cent of your </p>
<p>annual spend if it’s past June and the holiday season is approaching)</p><p>It may help to have other ‘Upcoming’ or ‘Squirrel’ accounts (we’ve </p>
<p>seen it all, and some of these may be very relevant to you!):</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Baby.  Saving to start a family — more on this in chapter 4.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Family support.  Helping parents or other family members </p>
<p>financially.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>