<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>148</p><p>On the flip side, some kids would absolutely benefit from the extra </p>
<p>nurturing, attention and individualised learning that is offered </p>
<p>by schools that cost more each month than a $500 000 mortgage. </p>
<p>There’s a strong argument to be made, too, for the networking </p>
<p>kickstart achieved by being connected at this end of the socio-­</p>
<p>economic spectrum. In the end, make sure it’s affordable and focus </p>
<p>on what your child needs, not on what you, in line with however </p>
<p>many generations before you, believe is right.</p><p>Note:  This advice is not individualised for you. It was personal </p>
<p>advice for Rach and Greg and their special set of circumstances, </p>
<p>income, tax and other needs. We created this solution for them </p>
<p>after spending a number of hours discussing their personal </p>
<p>goals. An education plan by itself isn’t worth much; it needs to </p>
<p>take into account everything else that’s going on. Make sure </p>
<p>you seek personal financial advice before investing in this type </p>
<p>of product.</p><p>Drop everything</p><p>I’ve already alluded to life’s unpredictability. As a financial planner, </p>
<p>I pride myself on being able to plan and help predict what lies ahead </p>
<p>for my clients, for myself and for my family, but it is really important </p>
<p>to note there are some things you simply cannot plan for.</p><p>Imagine this for a second (this isn’t one for the faint-­</p>
<p>hearted).</p><p>It’s just past 5.00 pm on a Friday, a sunny but cold Sydney afternoon, </p>
<p>the end of the work week. Tash is 32 weeks pregnant with our son and </p>
<p>is just wrapping up at the office and about to head home. Suddenly, </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>