<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>49</p><p>Categorise</p><p>I’m not a fan of over-­</p>
<p>engineering things. You’re here to declutter </p>
<p>and you don’t need 1000 bank accounts.</p><p>At the same time, though, the super-­</p>
<p>simple, one account for all </p>
<p>income, expenses and savings is just as bad in my opinion. One </p>
<p>account and one credit card generally isn’t enough. You want clarity </p>
<p>over your costs and an easy way to see how you’re progressing </p>
<p>between pays without tracking every cent you spend.</p><p>ACTIVITY</p>
<p>Get comfortable talking about spending </p>
<p>money … like, today!</p><p>If you’re a couple and have shared income, bank accounts, </p>
<p>expenditure, make sure you have made the time and effort to </p>
<p>get on the same page about money.</p><p>Ideally this came up naturally when you defined Sufficient, but </p>
<p>if you’re just now starting to get on the same page with your </p>
<p>budget, you’re going to want to start with aligning your spending </p>
<p>philosophies. I have seen people avoid completing their budget, </p>
<p>revisiting their budget or even looking at their bank accounts as </p>
<p>they don’t want to either start arguments or divulge spending </p>
<p>they think their partner might not be on board with. We’re all </p>
<p>human and we all have different wants and needs. Talk it out and </p>
<p>don’t let this be the thing that sets you back.</p><p>If all else fails, agree to disagree on selected budget items, </p>
<p>but know what that means for your financial position and your </p>
<p>ongoing comfort level. As Jim Carrey said, ‘Behind every great </p>
<p>man is a woman rolling her eyes.’</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>