<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>165</p><p>Know your worth and stay true to it</p><p>Where does the money fit? The net-­</p>
<p>worth and self-­</p>
<p>worth balance </p>
<p>sheet is an important consideration. For some, as you’ve defined </p>
<p>what Sufficient Funds look like for you, mad stacks are a critical </p>
<p>element. For others, knowing you’ve prioritised aspects of your life </p>
<p>that have less to do with money is key.</p><p>Net worth is the amount by which your assets exceed your </p>
<p>liabilities — your monetary value. Self-­</p>
<p>worth, on the other hand, is </p>
<p>your sense of your own value as a person — think self-­</p>
<p>esteem or </p>
<p>self-­</p>
<p>respect. Factors that affect your sense of self-­</p>
<p>worth are strongly </p>
<p>linked to what you value in life. They are many and varied for all of </p>
<p>us but can include the work you do, your mental and physical health </p>
<p>and wellbeing, your relationships, and your sense of purpose.</p><p>Prioritising net worth or self-­</p>
<p>worth is different for everyone. </p>
<p>Different cultures place a higher importance on one or the other </p>
<p>but even within your family, individuals will be positioned along the </p>
<p>net worth to self-­</p>
<p>worth continuum.</p><p>There is no right or wrong place to be on this continuum, but along </p>
<p>the way you may, for example, find yourself with more or less money </p>
<p>than you’d planned to have, and keeping a focus on staying true to </p>
<p>yourself may help keep you on the right track.</p><p>Get real</p><p>Take a moment to run through your goals and make sure these </p>
<p>are  your  goals. It’s so important to make sure you’re living your life </p>
<p>for you. It’s not about comparing your life with those of others or </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>