<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>121</p><p>85 per cent of these into the lower earning partner’s fund. </p>
<p>This can help to equalise your super balances over time </p>
<p>and is particularly beneficial when one partner is working </p>
<p>part-­</p>
<p>time or casually on lesser income. We’ve employed this </p>
<p>option with many clients as part of their Money Action Plan.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Carry-­</p>
<p>forward (or catch-­</p>
<p>up) contributions . You will recall </p>
<p>Nicola in our client case study was contributing above her </p>
<p>concessional contribution cap to pump her super. She was </p>
<p>using up some of her ‘carry-­</p>
<p>forward’ allowance. The same </p>
<p>strategy can apply when looking to bolster one partner’s </p>
<p>super balance. If you’ve been working part-­</p>
<p>time, casually or </p>
<p>not at all recently, you’ll likely have a significant available </p>
<p>limit here as it builds up over five years. So as long as you </p>
<p>have the cash available, you can action this if you’re single </p>
<p>or as a couple. If partnered, it doesn’t matter whose bank </p>
<p>account it’s in or where it came from.</p><p>One common question from couples is, ‘If we have spare </p>
<p>cash to contribute to super and get a tax benefit for this, </p>
<p>why would we put it in my account when I pay less tax?’ </p>
<p>This is a very valid point. However, what it doesn’t take </p>
<p>into account is the ‘transfer balance cap’ I discussed </p>
<p>earlier, where if one partner exceeds this and the other </p>
<p>doesn’t then you end up in an inefficient tax position, </p>
<p>post-­</p>
<p>retirement, in perpetuity. It also doesn’t take into </p>
<p>account the financial insecurity the lower earning, often </p>
<p>female, spouse feels knowing that their partner’s balance is </p>
<p>going to be so much higher at retirement despite decades </p>
<p>of partnership in building this plan together. There is no </p>
<p>right or wrong answer here; however, it is an important </p>
<p>conversation to have.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>