<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>153</p><p>Life (aka death) insurance</p><p>This pays out a lump sum when you die or are terminally ill. </p>
<p>The money goes to whoever you nominate as the beneficiary, or </p>
<p>beneficiaries, of your policy. This can help your family continue to </p>
<p>cover the bills and living expenses when you die.</p><p>You might want to cover:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>medical, legal and funeral costs</p><p>•	</p>
<p>paying out all debt, including mortgage(s)</p><p>•	</p>
<p>leaving a surviving spouse and any dependants with </p>
<p>sufficient funds to enable them to at least get back on their </p>
<p>feet, or to cover some or all future costs</p><p>•	</p>
<p>larger future costs, such as private school fees.</p><p>TPD insurance</p><p>Total and permanent disability insurance is a lump sum paid if an </p>
<p>accident or illness means you are unlikely to return to work ever.</p><p>TPD really sucks. Financially speaking it’s worse than death. This is </p>
<p>because you’ll never work or earn money again but you need to be </p>
<p>kept alive.</p><p>Examples of what you might want to cover include:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>any outstanding debt</p><p>•	</p>
<p>income support</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>