<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>98</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Jesus, take the wheel . You’re not going to have the same </p>
<p>level of control with a managed fund as you could with </p>
<p>other types of investment. Don’t expect to be calling </p>
<p>up your fund manager and reading your shopping list </p>
<p>of demands after doing your own research. This is  not  </p>
<p>how it works. You sign over your ability to make those </p>
<p>micro-­</p>
<p>decisions when you jump into a managed fund, </p>
<p>with your only real decisions being whether to stay or go </p>
<p>(that is, should you continue your investment or remove </p>
<p>your funds).</p><p>A note on ‘passive’ v ‘active’ funds</p><p>In simple terms, your options are either ‘active’ or ‘passive’. </p>
<p>Passive investment is where the fund you choose takes an equal </p>
<p>stake in every company listed on a particular index. An index is </p>
<p>essentially the entire market, or at least a large proportion of it. </p>
<p>An example of an index in Australia that you might be familiar </p>
<p>with is the ASX200, which is the top 200 stocks by size on the </p>
<p>Australian Stock Exchange.</p><p>You could choose to take a different approach to investing </p>
<p>on the ASX. For instance, you might choose an active fund </p>
<p>that holds only, say, 30 to 40 of the stocks available in the </p>
<p>ASX200. This fund is going to charge more than the passive </p>
<p>fund as there is more work involved. The aim of the active fund </p>
<p>is to beat the market, rather than simply riding with the entire </p>
<p>market. ETFs and managed funds are similar in that you can </p>
<p>choose either active or passive options. Your decision will </p>
<p>be based on whether you prefer a low-­</p>
<p>cost approach, or you </p>
<p>believe that by paying a bit more you might be able to make </p>
<p>more as well.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>