<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>157</p><p>If you have a fairly clear personal medical history and no family </p>
<p>history of, say, hereditary illnesses, you might not be required to </p>
<p>provide any further information or test results.</p><p>WHAT IF I HAVE PRE-­EXISTING HEALTH CONDITIONS?  </p>
<p>CAN I STILL GET COVER?</p><p>Each insurer has their own list of items they will and won’t cover. </p>
<p>We can do some research for our clients to see whether there are </p>
<p>insurers that might cover them despite a pre-­</p>
<p>existing condition; </p>
<p>in most cases we help them find cover with an exclusion or added </p>
<p>loading (higher premium) that offsets this risk.</p><p>Dot the i’s and cross the t’s: your estate plan</p><p>In our work with clients, we surround ourselves with teams of </p>
<p>professionals to ensure our clients are looked after in every aspect </p>
<p>of financial planning. Estate planning is another crucial step in </p>
<p>defending your stacks, and you’ll need to work with a good solicitor.</p><p>Everyone should have both a Will and a power of attorney in place.</p><p>A Will is a legally binding document that stipulates how your money </p>
<p>and other assets will be split and transferred when you kick the bucket.</p><p>A power of attorney, in its various forms, allows someone you trust </p>
<p>to make important decisions on your behalf if you are incapacitated.</p><p>Everyone knows someone who’s had some sort of family drama </p>
<p>around wills and the contested distribution of assets. The worst-­</p>
<p>case scenario sees funds being wasted on legal fees to sort out </p>
<p>unnecessary conflicts.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>