<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>61</p><p>1. STARTING BALANCE TO BILLS ACCOUNT</p><p>Wait until you’re about to get paid and add your starting balance to </p>
<p>the Bills account. This starting balance gives you a full month’s buffer.</p><p>2. DIRECT DEBITS FOR EVERYTHING WHERE POSSIBLE</p><p>Use your budget to question every single expense: can this be </p>
<p>automated?  This includes the obvious ones like rent, mortgage </p>
<p>and utilities, but also those sneaky quarterly bills like council and </p>
<p>water rates. Complete a direct debit application on the provider’s </p>
<p>site (for some regional councils you’ll need to call or email). If you </p>
<p>find it easier to manage shorter billing cycles, split these up into </p>
<p>monthly payments.</p><p>You’ll find almost all of your direct debits come from your Bills </p>
<p>account, which is why you have a month’s buffer here and it receives </p>
<p>all of your income.</p><p>3. AUTOMATIC TRANSFERS TO EACH OF YOUR OTHER ACCOUNTS</p><p>From your Bills account, you now need to set up automatic transfers </p>
<p>to each of your other accounts according to your budget and goals. </p>
<p>Line up the frequency of transfers with your pay cycle and set up </p>
<p>the auto-­</p>
<p>transfer to leave Bills the day after your pay lands just </p>
<p>to be sure.</p><p>If you’ve downloaded our budget template, this is easy. Tab 2 gives </p>
<p>you all of the numbers required here for weekly, fortnightly or </p>
<p>monthly cycles. Otherwise, simply take your total annual spend and </p>
<p>divide by 52 (weekly), 26 (fortnightly) or 12 (monthly).</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>