<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>110</p><p>an eye-­</p>
<p>watering Google search, type in ‘How much would I have </p>
<p>if I had invested $100 in bitcoin in … ’ and add any year from its </p>
<p>birth in 2009. In 2013, $100 would have bought me one Bitcoin, </p>
<p>which today (but maybe not tomorrow) would be worth $108 000. </p>
<p>Who’s counting!</p><p>So is it a no-­</p>
<p>brainer to dabble in crypto? Here are some brief points </p>
<p>to consider when determining if cryptocurrency investment makes </p>
<p>sense on your path to Sufficient Funds.</p><p>Benefits of investing in cryptocurrency may include:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Bright shiny objects!  It’s still relatively new. It’s a novelty. </p>
<p>It feels exciting. If this speaks to you, and motivates you </p>
<p>to save, then invest wisely, this could be a part of your </p>
<p>strategy. Sure, crypto has been around for a while now, but </p>
<p>in comparison to traditional investment options, it’s still </p>
<p>in its infancy. Making the move to invest now could mean </p>
<p>you’re jumping in on the first floor (the ground floor would </p>
<p>have been 2013!), before potential future growth, both in </p>
<p>profit and popularity. This is by no means guaranteed, but if </p>
<p>you are attracted to things that might go boom, and have a </p>
<p>healthy buffer to allow for volatility, it may be worth a crack.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Banks are for boomers … join the revolution!  Okay, so </p>
<p>crypto is a sure-­</p>
<p>fire way to break free from the clutches of </p>
<p>the traditional banking system. If, like me, you’re repelled </p>
<p>by the smell of rich mahogany desks and the sight of </p>
<p>fabric panel cubicle walls, this is one investment vehicle </p>
<p>that doesn’t require a visit to a bank or waiting on hold </p>
<p>for 45 minutes to speak to a human. Additionally, bank </p>
<p>fees and waiting for days for funds to clear are a thing of </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>