<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>87</p><p>are purchasing. This is why it makes sense to do your homework </p>
<p>or seek professional advice upfront to avoid a potentially costly </p>
<p>tax error!</p><p>There are several different tax structures available, each with its </p>
<p>own pros and cons. Let’s take a closer look.</p><p>1. Investing in your own name</p><p>First up, investing in your own name is the simplest option. Any </p>
<p>income or capital gains generated from your investments will be </p>
<p>taxed at your individual tax rate. This option is ideal if you’re just </p>
<p>starting out, but if you’re a high-­</p>
<p>income earner, this can result in </p>
<p>a significant tax burden. For example, from the 2024/25 tax year </p>
<p>onwards, if you earn over $190 000 a year, you’ll be subject to the top </p>
<p>marginal tax rate of 45 per cent. This means any income or capital </p>
<p>gains you generate from your investments will be taxed at this rate.</p><p>2. Investment bonds (or insurance bonds)</p><p>Investment bonds, a lesser-­</p>
<p>known product but widely used by those </p>
<p>in the know, are similar to superannuation in that withdrawals </p>
<p>become tax-­</p>
<p>free after a certain point, usually 10 years, but differ from </p>
<p>super in that you don’t have to be retired to cash in. This can make </p>
<p>investment bonds a great option if you’re saving for the long term but </p>
<p>don’t want to be restricted by the rules of super or you have already </p>
<p>maxed out your concessional (pre-­</p>
<p>tax) contributions to super.</p><p>Investment bonds pay tax on your behalf at a maximum of the </p>
<p>company tax rate of 30 per cent. However, some products specif­</p>
<p>ically apply an approach where they can significantly reduce this </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>