<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>128</p><p>Some spanners are more predictable than others. If you know you </p>
<p>want to have kids one day, you at least know this is something to </p>
<p>prep for, but in my experience nothing prepares you for the life-­</p>
<p>changing impact of bringing tiny humans into the world. Enjoying </p>
<p>the ride is all part of the experience, as they say.</p><p>Adding kids into the mix opens up entirely new realms of goals and </p>
<p>also financial needs. From medical costs, time off work, day care </p>
<p>and school fees, the list grows rapidly and the financial needs you </p>
<p>may have had as an individual or couple change just as fast.</p><p>Timing for your family plans might be rough estimates or fairly </p>
<p>specific, but I highly recommend your plan be flexible enough </p>
<p>to allow for the unpredictable nature of trying to conceive. We </p>
<p>definitely knew we wanted kids but we had no idea how hard the </p>
<p>process was going to be.</p><p>We started trying for kids when we were around 30 years old. It </p>
<p>took us about four months to fall pregnant. Easy, right?</p><p>Unfortunately not. At the end of a rocky first trimester we received </p>
<p>news that our baby would not survive and, devastatingly, we had no </p>
<p>option but to terminate.</p><p>This was October 2013. Tash was told to take a couple of months to </p>
<p>recover and after that it was up to us.</p><p>That Christmas we bought mountain bikes, something that had been </p>
<p>on our list for a while, and Tash organised a ride around northern </p>
<p>Laos to raise funds for Care Australia. We returned in April, fitter </p>
<p>than ever and thinking this would be the start of our next and more </p>
<p>successful round of trying to conceive. This plan, too, was way off.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>