<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>158</p><p>Here are two key steps to avoid this:</p><p>1.	 Make sure your Will is indeed legally binding. Don’t use </p>
<p>cheap online Will kits. Spend the money and have your Will </p>
<p>drawn up by an experienced solicitor.</p><p>2.	 Be transparent. If you can, have clear, open conversations </p>
<p>with your family (and friends where applicable) to let them </p>
<p>know your intentions  before  you die. This could save a heap </p>
<p>of confusion as well as wasted time, energy, bad blood </p>
<p>and money.</p><p>Did somebody say intergenerational </p>
<p>wealth transfer?</p><p>Baby boomers are beginning to check out (out of the workforce, </p>
<p>that is), and since they are the wealthiest generation in Australian </p>
<p>history, over the next few years a whopping $3.5 trillion will be </p>
<p>passed down to their kids, who are predominantly Millennials.</p><p>There was a time when inheritances were transferred only once </p>
<p>older relatives died but there is a growing trend for boomers to pass </p>
<p>on some of their assets before they die. This means they may be </p>
<p>around to see their beneficiaries rejoice!</p><p>The key to the success of this earlier wealth transfer is clear </p>
<p>communication and education. Boomers need to be open about their </p>
<p>assets and ensure they have a Will in place that details their wishes </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>