<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>168</p><p>philanthropy and social impact as a way to contribute to a </p>
<p>higher purpose, something greater than themselves.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Align your giving with your clearly defined values and beliefs . </p>
<p>This is particularly true for those I see who are passionate </p>
<p>about causes like global warming and climate justice, </p>
<p>equality and human rights. These issues ignite a passion, </p>
<p>and the ability to channel funds towards advancing these </p>
<p>causes can be highly motivating. Giving to organisations </p>
<p>that support these values, with either time or money, can </p>
<p>mean making a change for the greater good — one person, </p>
<p>one hour, one dollar at a time.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Empathy runs deep . For many, especially Millennials and </p>
<p>GenZ, a strong sense of empathy and deep connection are </p>
<p>highly important catalysts linking intention and action. This </p>
<p>includes being acutely aware of those issues impacting all of </p>
<p>humanity. It also includes a need to not live this life on a solo </p>
<p>mission that is driven by self-­</p>
<p>benefit and stacking up assets, </p>
<p>Scrooge McDuck–style. The sense of responsibility, the desire </p>
<p>to give to those less fortunate, is absolute and non-­</p>
<p>negotiable.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Work, but do it for cause . Many people are increasingly </p>
<p>keen to align their careers with organisations that are doing </p>
<p>good work in the world. The rise of job candidates seeking </p>
<p>roles where they can be assured the organisation is socially </p>
<p>responsible and aligns philanthropy with its company </p>
<p>mission and values has led many companies to double down </p>
<p>in this space. The bonus here is you can be giving back </p>
<p>while you’re on the job, and in many cases doubling money </p>
<p>contributions to charities for which employers offer dollar-­</p>
<p>matching fundraising donations.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>