<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>82</p><p>have completely flipped. Maybe you’ve had a phenomenal business </p>
<p>opportunity, found a new partner or decided to start a family. That’s </p>
<p>why your investment strategy needs to be fluid and flexible enough </p>
<p>to account for the guaranteed unknowns that life throws at us.</p><p>Let’s say you’ve been diligently saving for a deposit on a house, </p>
<p>but then you’re offered a dream job opportunity in New York and </p>
<p>you have to drop everything. We work with a lot of junior doctors </p>
<p>who find themselves in this sort of situation. To maximise your </p>
<p>career prospects early, the ability to be flexible around where you’re </p>
<p>living may be crucial. Tash and I have moved cities three times for </p>
<p>different reasons. The first two were career-­</p>
<p>focused moves that paid </p>
<p>off big time. When this happens your investment strategy may need </p>
<p>to change. You may need to adjust your savings goals or put your </p>
<p>money into investments that can be accessed quickly (access to an </p>
<p>investment is known as liquidity).</p><p>Or let’s say you’ve been building up your financial freedom fund, but </p>
<p>then face unexpected medical bills over and above your emergency </p>
<p>fund (chapter  2), so you need to dip into those savings to cover </p>
<p>the costs. Your investment strategy needs to be flexible enough </p>
<p>to accommodate these changes then allow you to rebuild your </p>
<p>emergency fund without derailing your long-­</p>
<p>term goals.</p><p>Whether you’re saving for a home deposit, funding private schooling </p>
<p>for your kids or creating a financial freedom fund, being able to </p>
<p>make this clear link to your goals ensures you stay motivated and </p>
<p>removes the emotion from investing, and when you hit the inevitable </p>
<p>potholes you are prepared, not stressed, and can adjust as you go.</p><p>The bottom line is this: investing without a plan is like driving </p>
<p>around a new city without your map app. Sure, you might stumble </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>