<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>134</p><p>SURROGACY</p><p>This can be one of the more expensive routes to parenthood because </p>
<p>added to the costs of IVF and other treatments are legal fees and </p>
<p>counselling. Commercial surrogacy is not legal in Australia, and </p>
<p>internationally it comes with a significant fee over and above medical </p>
<p> </p>
<p>and other costs (potentially $100 000 to $150 000 or more). While </p>
<p>for many people that’s going to be completely out of the question, </p>
<p>for some it may be worth weighing up. The rules here are incredibly </p>
<p>complex. If thinking about this, all parties entering a surrogacy </p>
<p>arrangement in Australia should seek advice from an experienced </p>
<p>family lawyer.</p><p>ADOPTION</p><p>Finally, adoption is another pathway to starting or growing a family. </p>
<p>In NSW, for example, it costs around $3000. Inter-­</p>
<p>country adoption </p>
<p>is also possible for Australians, with adoption arrangements in </p>
<p>place with 13 countries. Inter-­</p>
<p>country adoption costs about $10 000, </p>
<p>not counting extra expenses such as travel and accommodation, </p>
<p>citizenship costs and legal fees. Some states have hardship policies </p>
<p>to help lower income earners access at least some fee relief.</p><p>Pregnancy</p><p>Note:  If you’re planning to deliver at a private hospital and you </p>
<p>don’t yet have private health cover, you will likely face a 12-­</p>
<p>month </p>
<p>wait on pregnancy claims. You’ll struggle to find a policy for </p>
<p>which that’s not the case, so make sure you have this kind of </p>
<p>cover in place before you become pregnant.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>