<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>112</p><p>generally a smart move. Spreading your investments across </p>
<p>a range of options helps reduce the overall risk should </p>
<p>markets drop due to unexpected events (did somebody say </p>
<p>worldwide pandemic?).</p><p>Given cryptocurrency’s relative immaturity, the potential pitfalls </p>
<p>need to be weighed up carefully. FOMO is real and just because </p>
<p>someone else is investing in crypto doesn’t mean you should too. Do </p>
<p>your research and make an informed decision.</p><p>Here are a few of the more obvious watchouts of investing </p>
<p>in cryptocurrency:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>It’s a good ol’ fashioned hoe-­</p>
<p>down! … well kinda . It has to be </p>
<p>stated that some of this is cowboy stuff — it’s the wild west! </p>
<p>As for anything new, regulations are yet to fully catch up </p>
<p>to cryptocurrency investing globally, and with the rate of </p>
<p>tech development it may be a game of catchup for quite </p>
<p>some time. That said, a new Bill, the Digital Assets (Market </p>
<p>Regulation) Bill 2023, was introduced in federal Parliament </p>
<p>in March 2023 that, if and when passed, will see Australia’s </p>
<p>first specific regulations of the crypto market.</p><p>	</p>
<p>Until then, if something goes wrong, the pathway for any </p>
<p>resolution is unclear, so you need to be aware that a volatile </p>
<p>market combined with a lack of regulation makes crypto a </p>
<p>much riskier investment than traditional options.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Tax dodge myth . Although regulations may be taking a </p>
<p>while to catch up, it’s a myth that crypto is completely </p>
<p>private and untraceable. The ATO is cracking down on </p>
<p>crypto income, so declare or beware. Another myth is </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>