<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>35</p><p>Some would think we had it made, we were walking on air, but in </p>
<p>truth we look back on those times and think, geez we’re glad we </p>
<p>woke up when we did. We had to shift our mindset from head in </p>
<p>the sand, spend every dollar to really understanding what we valued </p>
<p>and consciously not allowing ourselves to ‘waste’ any excess.</p><p>Shifting this mindset changed our world. Being aware of the money </p>
<p>coming in and money going out sounds like a simple concept, but it’s </p>
<p>less so when you remove time and consequence from the equation. </p>
<p>As in an episode of  Hoarders , it’s scarily easy to create such a mess </p>
<p>that you truly have no idea what lies beneath the surface.</p><p>Working hard, earning lots and having an abundance of financial </p>
<p>resources is a great objective, and will let you do some pretty cool </p>
<p>shit, but this only works when linked to your definition of Sufficient </p>
<p>and when your spending aligns with this.</p><p>On the flipside, if you’re already truly enjoying the work you do, </p>
<p>then you should recognise that the grass is usually not greener on </p>
<p>the other side. You may not be earning all the money in the world, </p>
<p>but that’s okay. You have something that a lot of people can only </p>
<p>ever dream of. Stop and reflect on this. It’s worth a lot more than </p>
<p>you might think.</p><p>Focus</p><p>I meditate most days, and have done for the past few years, often </p>
<p>using the Headspace app. This app is split into a bunch of different </p>
<p>sections based on what you’re trying to deal with at the time </p>
<p>(confidence, stress, appreciation, anxiety, balance and so on). One </p>
<p>I find myself frequently returning to is called ‘Finding Focus’. In </p>
<p>this part, the instructor, Andy, talks about the idea of innate focus </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>