<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>174</p><p>Sure, it can be debated that data-­</p>
<p>led marketing is pushing content </p>
<p>at you at a rate of knots, but there are still many ways you can </p>
<p>curate what you’re opting into. Whether it’s your socials, the </p>
<p>podcasts you listen to, the books you read or, IRL, the company you </p>
<p>keep. No matter your source of information, it can be a source of </p>
<p>motivation, so make sure it aligns with your goals and the elements </p>
<p>that make up your definition of Sufficient. There are apps that help </p>
<p>you unsubscribe from emails and other content that isn’t aligned </p>
<p>to your needs, while I encourage you to actively lean in to those </p>
<p>sources that do align. Scroll through your social apps and opt in to </p>
<p>anything that delivers information that positively aligns with the </p>
<p>direction in which you’re headed.</p><p>Find your motivator</p><p>I have spent my entire working life helping people figure out their </p>
<p>money stuff to achieve their goals. This is what makes me tick! </p>
<p> </p>
<p>But even when it comes so naturally, sometimes I still need to find </p>
<p>the motivation.</p><p>Your motivator could be your partner, a close friend or family </p>
<p>member, a mentor or colleague. If you have such a person, hold on </p>
<p>to them tightly. If it is someone lifting you up in each and every </p>
<p>conversation you have, you’ve hit the jackpot and all I can say is you’d </p>
<p>better be giving back as much as you get because that’s a relationship </p>
<p>you want to hang onto. However, not everyone (probably not even </p>
<p>most people) can turn to such a person, for two simple reasons: </p>
<p>people hate talking about money, and it scares them to reveal too </p>
<p>much even to their nearest and dearest.</p><p>In Australia, we also have this really annoying knack of cutting </p>
<p>down tall poppies. Everyone is looking over the fence at the Joneses. </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>