<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>107</p><p>of your hard-­</p>
<p>earned to get your foot in the door. This can </p>
<p>seem hard to reach for singles and even couples. It is not </p>
<p>unusual to see parents acting as guarantor on loans for </p>
<p>their adult children, and this comes with its own issues. The </p>
<p>financial interactions can be complex, not to mention the </p>
<p>emotional side of financially relying on parents as an adult.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Beware of the competition . You’re not alone in this … if it </p>
<p>feels like everyone’s doing it, that’s because they are! The </p>
<p>Australian property market can be highly competitive. </p>
<p>Recent years have seen record numbers of people inspecting </p>
<p>properties prior to sale and record bids at auction. All this is </p>
<p>not for the faint-­</p>
<p>hearted. When it’s an investment property, </p>
<p>not your dream home, get your heart out of the game. If </p>
<p>you’re likely to fall in love with a property and make a dumb </p>
<p>move as a result, get someone else to help out. This is where </p>
<p>many of our clients work with a buyer’s agent.</p><p>A buyer’s agent (or buyer’s advocate) is a licensed real </p>
<p>estate agent who, instead of working for the seller, will for </p>
<p>a fee work for you. A buyer’s agent’s service can include </p>
<p>coaching and understanding your goals and objectives, </p>
<p>completing in-­</p>
<p>depth research with access to paid data </p>
<p>sources, relationships with agents that allow early access </p>
<p>to properties or ‘off-­</p>
<p>market’ opportunities, and negotiating </p>
<p>on your behalf. They will also work closely with your </p>
<p>mortgage broker to understand capacity for borrowing, </p>
<p>and your financial adviser to align with your overall budget </p>
<p>and longer-­</p>
<p>term life plan. The benefits of this are usually a </p>
<p>combination of time and cost saving (net of the fee you pay) </p>
<p>as well as avoiding decision fatigue and making a confident </p>
<p>purchase. If going it alone, you need to be prepared to do </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>