<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>xiv</p><p>I spend my days helping people see what’s possible with their </p>
<p>finances and in this book I’m going to share all this with you and </p>
<p>more. It’s time to live on your own terms, with a good stash of cash </p>
<p>to create  your  dream life, whatever that means to you.</p><p>Let’s roll on and see how you’re going to take your life from </p>
<p>Insufficient to Sufficient Funds.</p><p>The ATM slip and one all-time road trip</p><p>At 20 years old, during my time at university, I was lucky enough </p>
<p>to do a semester in Canada. I studied for four months at UVic on </p>
<p>Vancouver Island in BC. I surfed in a 5mm  wetsuit in 6-degree </p>
<p>water, had a season pass at Whistler, partied five nights a week, </p>
<p>and passed all of my subjects with flying colours (read: a consistent </p>
<p>50 per cent!). I made friends for life with a bunch of peeps who had </p>
<p>a lust for living the likes of which I’d never seen. Maybe it was the </p>
<p>mountains, or the Fireball! At the end of that semester I met up </p>
<p>with G-Rod, Sammy and Jezza, three of my best mates from home </p>
<p>who had also been ‘studying’ in North America, and we pulled off a </p>
<p>dream road trip on a shoestring budget.</p><p>A few weeks before we left on this adventure we’d been out drinking </p>
<p>at Customs House, one of the usual hangs in Newcastle. It was </p>
<p>student-night $1 drinks, four at a time — a standard Wednesday </p>
<p>really for campus-living uni students. One of the boys, who had sold </p>
<p>his body board for $40 just to come out for a night, returned from the </p>
<p>ATM with ‘Insufficient Funds’ obtrusively highlighted on his receipt. </p>
<p>We all lost it! But as the laughter died a terrible idea was hatched. </p>
<p>Insufficient Funds would be an awesome band name! Jezza had mad </p>
<p>skills on the piano, but given the rest of us had little to offer in the </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>