<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>First published in 2024 by John Wiley &amp; Sons Australia, Ltd</p>
<p>Level 4, 600 Bourke St, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia</p><p>Typeset in Plantin Std Regular 11.5pt/15.5pt</p><p>© James and Natascha Millard and related entities 2024</p><p>The moral rights of the author have been asserted</p><p>ISBN: 978-1-394-24889-6</p><p>All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the  Australian Copyright </p>
<p>Act 1968  (for example, a fair dealing for the purposes of study, research, </p>
<p>criticism or review), no part of this book may be reproduced, stored in </p>
<p>a retrieval system, communicated or transmitted in any form or by any </p>
<p>means without prior written permission. All inquiries should be made to </p>
<p>the publisher at the address above.</p><p>Cover design by Wiley</p>
<p>Cover Image: © DisobeyArt/Adobe Stock</p>
<p>Finance icons (figure 2.2, p69): © Icons-Studio / Adobe Stock</p><p>Disclaimer</p>
<p>The material in this publication is of the nature of general comment only, </p>
<p>and does not represent professional advice. It is not intended to provide </p>
<p>specific guidance for particular circumstances and it should not be relied </p>
<p>on as the basis for any decision to take action or not take action on any </p>
<p>matter which it covers. Readers should obtain professional advice where </p>
<p>appropriate, before making any such decision. To the maximum extent </p>
<p>permitted by law, the author and publisher disclaim all responsibility </p>
<p>and liability to any person, arising directly or indirectly from any person </p>
<p>taking or not taking action based on the information in this publication.</p><p>***</p><p>The information contained in this book is general in nature and does </p>
<p>not take into account your personal situation. Before acting on any </p>
<p>information, you should consider the appropriateness of the information </p>
<p>for your objectives, financial situation and needs.</p><p>All client names and a bunch of other identifying details have been </p>
<p>changed in this book for privacy reasons.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>