<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>55</p><p>Chapter 4 dives into events like this, but for now, completing this </p>
<p>step sets you up to return to the good times much faster.</p><p>I’ve spoken about the importance of mindset. Setting up an </p>
<p>emergency fund is one key way to gain peace of mind. It gives you </p>
<p>comfort and clarity around your buffer, so you can progress more </p>
<p>confidently and swiftly towards Sufficient Funds.</p><p>Here’s a super-­</p>
<p>common new client conversation.</p><p>Me:  So tell me about what you’re dealing with at the moment.  </p>
<p>Do you have debts, savings? What does this all look like for you?</p><p>You:  I’m debt free now apart from HECS, so I’m building my </p>
<p>emergency fund and saving for my next holiday. I invest $200 a </p>
<p>month in ETFs (more on these in chapter 3), oh and I have about </p>
<p>$10 000 in a separate account for other savings.</p><p>Me:  Okay, so what’s your ‘other savings’ for specifically?</p><p>You:  Nothing really, it’s just there in case I need it.</p><p>Me:  So where is your emergency fund up to now?</p><p>You:  I have $3200 right now, and I want to get it to $10 000.</p><p>It’s very common for new clients to tell us they’re squirrelling </p>
<p>funds away for a higher purpose before they have built a full </p>
<p>emergency fund. If you don’t have any personal debt (such as Buy </p>
<p>Now Pay Later (BNPL), credit card or unsecured personal loans), </p>
<p>but your emergency fund is not yet at a level you’re comfortable </p>
<p>with, my general rule is you should not focus on anything but </p>
<p>filling this up!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>