<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>22</p><p>It’s not meant to be </p>
<p>easy — be prepared to work</p><p>Sometimes I think back to our story of selling Insufficient Funds </p>
<p> </p>
<p>T-­</p>
<p>shirts and dreaming of it becoming our multimillion-­</p>
<p>dollar baby. </p>
<p>It was all about the fairy tale of what success looked like.</p><p>I was in Yamba with family sometime after the big US road trip. The </p>
<p>founder of Billabong had recently built a mansion up the road in </p>
<p>Angourie. I imagined his life of surfing, partying and travelling the </p>
<p>world with mates, not the work he did and continued to do to get </p>
<p>there. The idea of selling T-­</p>
<p>shirts to create the world we wanted to </p>
<p>live gave me chicken skin (yep, that’s the emotional side that helps </p>
<p>me dream big).</p><p>What I’ve learned since 2004, though, is that action beats </p>
<p>everything, and dreams alone won’t get you far. In fact, they’ll cloud </p>
<p>your judgement if you let them take over. It took me a long time to </p>
<p>figure this out.</p><p>In my early career I spent several years grinding it out and learning </p>
<p>the ropes. I realised very early on that there was a big difference </p>
<p>between those who made it to a management role and those who </p>
<p>settled in the trenches and were destined for minimal pay rises for </p>
<p>the rest of their lives.</p><p>Simon Sinek hadn’t yet given his famous TED talk, YouTube and </p>
<p>life-­</p>
<p>hacking hadn’t arrived, so we were stuck with ‘work hard, learn </p>
<p>lots, get promoted, earn more’.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>