<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>90</p><p>Super is how we all save for retirement and is one of the most </p>
<p> </p>
<p>tax-­</p>
<p>effective ways to stack your funds for the long term. </p>
<p>Contributions to super can be made concessionally (pre-­</p>
<p>tax), </p>
<p>helping you to minimise tax on the way in, and investment earnings </p>
<p>inside super are also taxed at a lower rate.</p><p>The major limitation to super is accessibility. Generally, you won’t </p>
<p>be able to access your super until you reach preservation age, which </p>
<p>for most readers of this book will be 60, and after you have stopped </p>
<p>work. Additionally, there are limits on the amount of money you </p>
<p>can contribute to superannuation each year.</p><p>Investment — your third stack </p>
<p>of Sufficient Funds</p><p>Mad stacks sitting idle are better than no stacks at all. What’s </p>
<p>even better are mad stacks multiplying themselves over time. This </p>
<p>is your third stack of Sufficient Funds: Investment. Let’s look at </p>
<p>your options.</p><p>The share market</p><p>Purchasing shares — otherwise known as equities or stocks — makes </p>
<p>you a part owner of a business. They can be a very good long-­</p>
<p>term </p>
<p>investment. They can also be traded fairly quickly if you need access </p>
<p>to your funds. You can benefit from future increases in share price </p>
<p>as well as from possible income in the form of dividends when the </p>
<p>company distributes any profits.</p><p>You can purchase shares directly via an online broker. Broker </p>
<p>options include bank-­</p>
<p>owned firms like CommSec and nabtrade that </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>