<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>105</p><p>you’ll see how property rivals shares for total returns </p>
<p>(growth plus income) over the long term.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Did someone say tax breaks?  An investment property can </p>
<p>attract a range of tax benefits, including deductions for </p>
<p>interest on your mortgage, property management fees and </p>
<p>maintenance expenses. All of these combined can make it </p>
<p>more affordable to hold for the long term. However,  never </p>
<p>invest in something, or make any financial decision for that </p>
<p>matter, just for the tax benefits! If it’s not growing, providing </p>
<p>a strong income, or both, it’s not working!</p><p>•	</p>
<p>It exists IRL! Property is a tangible asset . Unlike stocks and </p>
<p>shares, you can see it, feel it, walk through it, make a video </p>
<p>and post it to socials … If you want to be able to see your </p>
<p>investment with your own eyes, property may be right for </p>
<p>you. The catch here is to not allow emotion to enter your </p>
<p>investment decisions. Just like investing in shares, this </p>
<p>is about the numbers (growth, income, tax benefits), not </p>
<p>about what it looks like and whether the tenant forgets to </p>
<p>mow the lawn!</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Status (ew, did I really just say that?) . Yep, reflecting back </p>
<p>on your definition of Sufficient, having something to show </p>
<p>for your hard-­</p>
<p>earned cash, and if you’re a closet ‘keeping </p>
<p>up with the Joneses’ type, an investment property might </p>
<p>just satisfy your deepest inclinations. If joining the ranks of </p>
<p>property owners gives you a sense of accomplishment and </p>
<p>pride, and it makes sense financially, then get stuck in!</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Rental income . If you’re over the idea of lining someone </p>
<p>else’s pocket in the rental market, switching up the </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>