<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>138</p><p>The good news is that if you are eligible, you can claim both, so you can </p>
<p>claim the work leave as well as the paid leave from the government.</p><p>‘Dad and Partner Pay’ was recently removed and is now combined </p>
<p>with parental leave pay (previously 18 weeks) for a total of 20 weeks. </p>
<p>This can now be shared fully with the partner, but is always at the </p>
<p>discretion of the birth mother or the first adoptive parent.</p><p>It’s important to remember this is basic assistance. It’s paid at </p>
<p>minimum wage, which does go up every year with inflation, but it’s </p>
<p>unfortunately not available to everyone. To be eligible you need to </p>
<p>meet the income and work tests.</p><p>Another recent change that’s been super helpful for a few of our </p>
<p>clients is in the flexibility of the parental leave system. You can </p>
<p>now take this leave in blocks as short as one day, and you and your </p>
<p>partner can spread it out between you, so long as you both qualify, </p>
<p>until the child turns two. This might work for someone who is self-­</p>
<p>employed and needs to keep a business running, or someone who </p>
<p>can work from home. So, for example, you could work two to three </p>
<p>days a week and take the rest of the week as parental leave.</p><p>For those who aren’t eligible, you’re going to need to take this </p>
<p>into your own hands and set up your own savings buffers both for </p>
<p>starting a family and for getting back to work.</p><p>Finally, it may be worth asking your employer about fertility leave. </p>
<p>Although it’s not very common yet, there are companies (including </p>
<p>ours as a small business!) that are offering additional days of paid leave </p>
<p>for fertility treatments. If you find yourself in this situation, asking </p>
<p>may just be the nudge your employer needs to make this a reality.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>