<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>43</p><p>money in one particular area, make sure you seriously value it. </p>
<p>Ramit Sethi, who’s a true genius when it comes to personal money </p>
<p>coaching, advocates saving mercilessly on the items that don’t mean </p>
<p>anything to you, so you can then spend wildly on the one or two </p>
<p>that do. If the gym is your solace and safe place for staying fit, then </p>
<p>go for it! Just make sure it’s intentional and you review it every </p>
<p>now and then.</p><p>Utilise the sharing economy</p><p>Airbnb your home, even if you’re renting. If you have a spare room or </p>
<p>two, make the most of it. Do this permanently, or at least whenever </p>
<p>you go on holidays, even if it’s just a long weekend visiting family. </p>
<p>You have to be a bit organised but it’s all worth it. We’ve done this </p>
<p>with our place a few times. One year it funded almost an entire </p>
<p>three-­</p>
<p>week trip to the US!</p><p>Share your car. There are a bunch of great sharing sites like Uber </p>
<p>Carshare (previously Car Next Door) that are super easy to use and </p>
<p>a great way to earn some extra coin from your gas guzzler. Better </p>
<p>still, sell your car and use Go Get or another sharing service. I have </p>
<p>a few clients who use this and absolutely rave about it.</p><p>If you haven’t written out all your expenses, scan the QR code on </p>
<p>page 48 and we’ll send you our template. It will prompt all of this </p>
<p>and be the starting point for your spending plan, coming up soon.</p><p>Move back home</p><p>Your parents will kill me, but I have definitely seen many people </p>
<p>create this win to avoid rising rents and allow for enough surplus </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>