<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>68</p><p>as possible, understanding that this was the key to earning more </p>
<p>and building the life we wanted. But we also needed to be super </p>
<p>strategic as the financial elements started to come together. </p>
<p>We needed to understand our own appetite for risk, both as </p>
<p>individuals and as a couple, and we needed to have enough </p>
<p>financial literacy to make sure we were channelling funds into </p>
<p>smart investments.</p><p>In chapter 3, I’ll cover a bunch of areas you will need to be on top of </p>
<p>in order to build your money life in a way that puts you on the fast </p>
<p>track to Sufficient Funds. We’re accelerating from bank accounts to </p>
<p>investment options; I’ll debunk a major tax myth that has so many </p>
<p>treading water; and I’ll introduce a new way of thinking about your </p>
<p>super fund.</p><p>Before we get stuck into investment options, it’s time to blow the </p>
<p>lid off one of the core elements of our work with clients at Sufficient </p>
<p>Funds and explain the concept of the four stacks of Sufficient Funds.</p><p>Note:  I’ve aimed to break down most of the technical stuff in </p>
<p>this book. You will already know that the financial industry is like </p>
<p>any other, wittingly or unwittingly confusing everyone through the </p>
<p>massive overuse of acronyms, abbreviations and other jargon. </p>
<p>One thing we avoid at all costs in our business is using these </p>
<p>bewildering terms with our clients. We get it. It’s hard enough to </p>
<p>build up the courage to approach a financial planner and open up </p>
<p>to the opportunity ahead of you without the fear of being ‘talked </p>
<p>at’ about your own damn money and left more confused than </p>
<p>when you started.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>