<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>33</p><p>that ensures you can navigate difficult times, changes in markets </p>
<p>and family emergencies seamlessly. In turn, it will help you build </p>
<p>towards the good times that you’re striving for: more free time, </p>
<p>the opportunity to explore the world, do meaningful and fulfilling </p>
<p>work, start a family, help those in need …</p><p>This money system is free of clutter, because it remains focused </p>
<p>solely on what it needs to do, so your money plan starts to facilitate </p>
<p>the life you want to live. The core of your system is what we call </p>
<p>Cruise Control: Your Spending Plan.</p><p>We’ll get to this shortly, but first it’s important to get your head </p>
<p>in the game.</p><p>Attitude: when it comes to income, it’s not size </p>
<p>that matters</p><p>There’s a big difference between earning lots and having lots. </p>
<p>I’ve been self-­</p>
<p>employed since 2015. I resigned from my well-­</p>
<p>paid </p>
<p>corporate gig right after we bought our dream home and took out a </p>
<p>mortgage that really stretched us. I then started a business with no </p>
<p>clients. Looking back on it, we didn’t have a fucking clue what we </p>
<p>were doing at the start, but we survived.</p><p>I think a lot in terms of business, but the truth of the matter is that </p>
<p>a business and your personal money flow aren’t all that different.</p><p>Even though revenue (think total sales or total income) is often </p>
<p>a measure of success for a business, it’s a false measure as it </p>
<p>tells only part of the story. A better yardstick is profit, or even </p>
<p>better, cashflow. You can generate lots of income but if you aren’t </p>
<p>charging appropriately or you have a bloated staff base or other </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>