<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>129</p><p>Tash was diagnosed with endometriosis in October 2014. She had </p>
<p>likely lived with it for many years but like most people with endo, </p>
<p>she wasn’t diagnosed until she was in her 30s. Her diagnosis came </p>
<p>after an appendectomy, when her surgeon discovered advanced </p>
<p>deep infiltrative endo.</p><p>She needed multiple rounds of surgery to remove adhesions that </p>
<p>meant many of her organs were stuck together. The impact of endo </p>
<p>on fertility is well known and before we were at last able to welcome </p>
<p>our baby girl into the world, we undertook a four-­</p>
<p>year fertility </p>
<p>journey that included IVF, Chinese medicine — even religious </p>
<p>charms and voodoo statues.</p><p>This journey took a lot out of us not only physically, mentally </p>
<p>and emotionally, but also financially. IVF and other surgery costs </p>
<p>were not something we had planned for. We needed IVF for both </p>
<p>our kids and each round cost us around $10 000. Each round of </p>
<p>endo surgery was another $5000. With the endo diagnosis, prior </p>
<p>extensive surgery and an IVF baby on board, we opted for a private </p>
<p>obstetrician and all the costs that came along with it.</p><p>At this point, our finances were less than stable. I had left my </p>
<p>corporate job and branched out into my own business. Not only was </p>
<p>it taking up a huge amount of my time, but in the early days cash </p>
<p>was scarce. We were just keeping our heads above water. We were </p>
<p>hugely thankful for our emergency fund but we knew we could have </p>
<p>been in a much better position had we been able to predict more of </p>
<p>this journey.</p><p>So many people who come through our MAP™ process are planning </p>
<p>for families either immediately or in the future. We dive into the </p>
<p>details and I’m in the fortunate position of being able to relate. </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>