<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>44</p><p>either to significantly reduce debt or to build up a savings buffer. </p>
<p>Just make sure it’s a temporary move. I didn’t write this book for </p>
<p>45-­</p>
<p>year-­</p>
<p>olds who enjoy sitting on their arses. Your independence </p>
<p>matters more in the long run, but paying off debt is a short-­</p>
<p>term </p>
<p>issue so deal with it first. Plus, who doesn’t love Mum’s lasagne!</p><p>Negotiate a remote/virtual work arrangement and </p>
<p>drop the commute</p><p>At Sufficient Funds we run what Matt Mullenweg of Wordpress </p>
<p>fame would call a distributed business. We’re not strictly ‘remote’, as </p>
<p>this would imply we have a head office with staff working remotely </p>
<p>from HQ. These days I have no interest in having a shiny office in </p>
<p>the big smoke. Our team of awesome humans all work from home, </p>
<p>some globally, and we freakin’ love it. We’re now conducting 100 </p>
<p>per cent of our meetings via video. This allows us to work with </p>
<p>driven young peeps all over Australia, and they don’t need to leave </p>
<p>their homes!</p><p>It also means we can live wherever we want to and still be doing </p>
<p>the work we love, simultaneously showing our kids how others live, </p>
<p>letting them learn from these new ways, and giving them an insight </p>
<p>into the amazing diversity on this planet.</p><p>Businesses globally were forced by the pandemic into being open to </p>
<p>this concept. You get more done in less time, save on travel costs and </p>
<p>create more flexibility around important family tasks like childcare. </p>
<p>What’s more, you’re allowed to open the windows without being </p>
<p>concerned about someone else’s climate-­</p>
<p>controlled nightmare, and </p>
<p>PJs (even pants off Fridays!) are fully permitted.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>