<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>169</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Influencers for good . Social media and digital tech have </p>
<p>played a huge role in shaping an interconnected and socially </p>
<p>conscious world. Information at our fingertips has made </p>
<p>us more attuned to humanitarian challenges and more </p>
<p>connected to platforms and digital mechanisms for raising </p>
<p>awareness, amplifying messages and mobilising voluntary </p>
<p>action in response to influencer stimuli.</p><p>Nowadays, charitable donations take a range of forms. You may </p>
<p>still be approached by old-­</p>
<p>school door-­</p>
<p>knockers and cold-­</p>
<p>callers, </p>
<p>and now a range of digital platforms can easily be shared or linked </p>
<p>through social media. This means that when it comes to making </p>
<p>decisions around donations, it can be hard to think purposefully </p>
<p>through all that noise. With more and more choices for where to </p>
<p>send your extra cash it can be hard to keep track of your donations. </p>
<p>In many cases donations are tax-­</p>
<p>deductible, but it’s easy to get </p>
<p>caught up in the idea of donating for donating’s sake and in </p>
<p>the process spread your funds so thinly they lose any meaning </p>
<p>or efficacy.</p><p>When you donate to a charitable cause, use the same decision-­</p>
<p>making process you do any time you spend money. Take the time to </p>
<p>pause and donate with purpose.</p><p>Note:  You will recall from chapter 3 that tax deductibility alone </p>
<p>gets far more airplay than it deserves and should only ever be </p>
<p>viewed as a side-­</p>
<p>benefit of something you are planning to do </p>
<p>anyway. Never decide to do something just because it’s tax </p>
<p>deductible. It varies depending on your tax rate, but it’s like </p>
<p>dropping a dollar to pick up 30 cents. The only way it makes </p>
<p>sense here is when it’s directed to a cause that truly matters.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>