<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Develop — big plans, growth and mad momentum</p><p>95</p><p>you are selecting exactly what companies to invest in. </p>
<p>As with micro-­</p>
<p>investing apps, this lack of control may </p>
<p>not suit the more experienced investor or those with </p>
<p>specific preferences.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Yep, fees again . Fees for ETFs may be lower than some </p>
<p>managed funds, for example, but they still exist and you’ll </p>
<p>need to take them into account. You’ll also need to weigh </p>
<p>up whether the reduced admin cost is worth sacrificing the </p>
<p>service and expertise that comes with a managed fund.</p><p>Managed funds</p><p>Similar to ETFs, managed funds (mutual funds in America) </p>
<p>combine money from multiple investors to enable greater buying </p>
<p>power. With managed funds the investment is used to purchase </p>
<p>a portfolio of assets, which can include a combination of shares, </p>
<p>bonds, property and/or cash. As the name suggests, the fund is then </p>
<p>managed by a professional fund manager.</p><p>Managed funds are accessed either directly by applying to a particular </p>
<p>fund online via their Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) or </p>
<p>alternatively through a platform. This is a very handy tool commonly </p>
<p>utilised by financial advisers. A platform, also known as a wrap </p>
<p>account, comes with a fee, so this needs to be weighed up against </p>
<p>the cost of using a broker if purchasing similar ETFs, as previously </p>
<p>described. The winner will generally depend on how much and how </p>
<p>regularly you are planning to invest, as well as how many different </p>
<p>funds you’re considering investing in. A platform generally offers far </p>
<p>superior reporting, including tax reporting, which can be a huge time </p>
<p>saver for you as well as a cost saver when it comes to how much your </p>
<p>accountant needs to charge you to bring it all together!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>