<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>162</p><p>Stay the course</p><p>Two of the most critical components needed to achieve your </p>
<p>Sufficient life are (a) having an awesome plan and (b) sticking to </p>
<p>it. Commitment to your plan is just as important as the plan itself. </p>
<p>Cruise control (chapter  2) will get you most of the way, but the </p>
<p>human factor can creep in — this is essentially you getting in your </p>
<p>own damn way.</p><p>There are a few tips I share with clients around how to avoid getting </p>
<p>in their own way, including making sure any plans have really clear </p>
<p>timeframes. If you want to have bought a house by a certain date, </p>
<p>write it down, say it out loud. If you want to hold onto an investment </p>
<p>for long-­</p>
<p>term growth and are prepared to ride the waves of the </p>
<p>share market or the property market, stay the course and don’t be </p>
<p>spooked and jump out if you don’t absolutely need to.</p><p>The other key tip is having an accountability buddy. When we’re </p>
<p>talking finances this is usually a partner, sometimes a parent or </p>
<p>sibling. Whoever this is for you, you’ll need to be willing to share </p>
<p>your financial details and your plans. I also suggest sharing upfront </p>
<p>what you want your buddy to be spotting you for. Whether it’s </p>
<p>excessive online shopping that could put a dent in your spending </p>
<p>plan, or being a bit too loose on the reno budget that could see your </p>
<p>investment property returns deflate, they need to know what you </p>
<p>are capable of when it comes to sabotaging your own finances.</p><p>Another question I ask my clients is: on a scale of 1–10 how </p>
<p>committed are you to achieving these goals? There’s power in </p>
<p>articulating your answer, and if it’s less than 9, it’s time to take a </p>
<p>good hard look at your priorities.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>