<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>155</p><p>This is one of the most complex of all personal financial product </p>
<p>types, which means it’s an absolute minefield and a fairly treacherous </p>
<p>DIY adventure should you seek it out.</p><p>If you rely on your income and want to avoid being a drain on those </p>
<p>around you should something go wrong, discuss your options with </p><p>Income protection insurance</p><p>This pays you a portion of your income if you have an accident or </p>
<p>suddenly fall ill. It is paid to you monthly as taxable income, which </p>
<p>generally makes premiums tax deductible. This cover is usually the </p>
<p>most expensive of all, because it is the most commonly claimed. It </p>
<p>is also the most important.</p><p>Table  4.2 provides some additional information and rules for </p>
<p>different types of cover, including whether your super fund can pay </p>
<p>for it. Note these are averages for our clients and certainly not to be </p>
<p>taken as personal advice. You need to calculate your specific needs </p>
<p>when it comes to each cover type.</p><p>Table 4.2: life insurance structure, tax and premiums</p><p>Can my  </p>
<p>super  </p>
<p>fund pay  </p>
<p>for this?</p><p>Is it tax </p>
<p>deductible </p>
<p>to me </p>
<p>personally?</p><p>Average policy </p>
<p>held by clients </p>
<p>in the 2023 </p>
<p>financial year</p><p>Average  </p>
<p>annual  </p>
<p>premium</p><p>Life</p>
<p>Yes</p>
<p>No</p>
<p>$1 </p>
<p>375 </p>
<p>429</p>
<p>$836</p><p>TPD</p>
<p>Yes</p>
<p>No</p>
<p>$1 </p>
<p>538 </p>
<p>995</p>
<p>$1476</p><p>Trauma</p>
<p>No</p>
<p>No</p>
<p>$172 </p>
<p>489</p>
<p>$659</p><p>Income </p>
<p>protection</p>
<p>Yes</p>
<p>Yes</p>
<p>$6670 per month </p>
<p>(70% to 80% of </p>
<p>gross income)</p><p>$2018</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>