<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>72</p><p>A note on super contributions</p><p>There are two ways to contribute to super:  concessionally </p>
<p>or non-­</p>
<p>concessionally, each with its own limits and tax treatment.</p><p>Concessional contributions  are pre-­</p>
<p>tax. These include both </p>
<p>personal contributions you make before tax and Superannuation </p>
<p>Guarantee Contributions (SGC </p>
<p>— </p>
<p>the ones the government </p>
<p>makes your employer do, is 11.5 per cent of your income as of </p>
<p>July 2024, before rising to 12 per cent from July 2025).</p><p>To make a pre-­</p>
<p>tax contribution you can either instruct your </p>
<p>employer to start a ‘salary sacrifice’ to super for you, which </p>
<p>will come out of each pay before tax is taken out, or you can </p>
<p>do this manually by using the BPAY details provided by your </p>
<p>super fund. If you make a manual contribution to super, you </p>
<p>will need to complete an ATO form called a notice of intent, </p>
<p>which is lodged with your super fund to ensure you get the tax </p>
<p>benefit. Concessional contributions are taxed at a lower rate </p>
<p>inside super (15 per cent, or 30 per cent for income earned over </p>
<p>$250 </p>
<p>000) than most people’s marginal tax rate and currently </p>
<p>have a limit of $30 </p>
<p>000 per annum including SGC.</p><p>Non-­</p>
<p>concessional contributions  are made after tax, meaning you </p>
<p>have already paid tax on it before you choose to add it to super. </p>
<p>There is no tax on this money when it lands in super. The current </p>
<p>limit to these contributions is $110 </p>
<p>000 per annum. If you have </p>
<p>a larger amount to contribute you can send a whole three years’ </p>
<p>worth, or up to $333 </p>
<p>000, using what is known as the ‘bring-­</p><p>forward rule’. This strategy is more common with those closer </p>
<p>to retirement or for younger peeps after the sale of a significant </p>
<p>asset like a business or property and less pressure on the other </p>
<p>three stacks (usually own home, debt-­</p>
<p>free, cash-­</p>
<p>sufficient and </p>
<p>investments solid).</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>