<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>137</p><p>Finally allow $500 for everything else. Most of which can be done </p>
<p>in the first few weeks so don’t feel the added pressure to have </p>
<p>everything purchased before baby arrives. You will want an excuse </p>
<p>to get out and about.</p><p>Finally, be ultra-­</p>
<p>clear on things you would appreciate as gifts and let </p>
<p>your family and friends know. You might appreciate a pile of clean </p>
<p>towels, bibs and wipes or a baby monitor much more than a singing </p>
<p>cactus toy. This is the time to be specific about what you need.</p><p>Time off / parental leave</p><p>Current data indicates that 60 per cent of employers in Australia </p>
<p>offer approximately three months’ fully paid parental leave to mum, </p>
<p>and quite a few bigger businesses now offer, if not the same, at least </p>
<p>something to partners.</p><p>Increasingly, companies are contributing to staff super for some </p>
<p>portion of the time spent on parental leave. This goes some way to </p>
<p>bridging the very real gender pay gap. If this isn’t available in your </p>
<p>workplace, start to challenge things a little bit. Find companies who </p>
<p>do offer these benefits — ideally, direct competitors — and take it to </p>
<p>your management team. Start to campaign. You won’t be alone.</p><p>For primary caregivers who don’t earn ‘too much’ (less than </p>
<p>approximately $168 000 in the previous financial year) the federal </p>
<p>government also kicks in 20 weeks of parental leave pay based on </p>
<p>the minimum wage of approximately $17 500 before tax.  Recent </p>
<p>changes have included the ability to look at your household income </p>
<p>for the financial year, rather than just the income of the primary </p>
<p>carer, so if you personally earn ‘too much’, as long as your combined </p>
<p>income is no more than $350 000, you will still qualify.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>