<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Deliver — let it flow</p><p>175</p><p>As soon as they start achieving big things there’s suddenly a target </p>
<p>on their backs. Makes heaps of sense, right?</p><p>These are my three key takeaways for helping you find a motivator:</p><p>1.	  Share.  Share your money situation, your goals and your </p>
<p>definition of Sufficient Funds. Encourage those around you </p>
<p>to do the same, and assuming you find someone willing </p>
<p>to open up, over time you might just find yourself an </p>
<p>accountability buddy and someone who pumps you up and </p>
<p>keeps you looking ahead!</p><p>2.	  Go mentor hunting.  Actively seek out a mentor. If you’re </p>
<p>lucky, you’ll already have the benefit of such a person in </p>
<p>your work life, but if not, think about setting out one or two </p>
<p>of your key goals. Find someone just beyond your circle to </p>
<p>reach out to, and ask them if they would be willing to be a </p>
<p>mentor. As my kids tell me, if you don’t ask, you don’t get, </p>
<p>so you need to get comfortable asking, which means getting </p>
<p>comfortable about articulating your goals. And think of </p>
<p>your circle  as  a circle. You’re not necessarily looking for </p>
<p>someone older, or someone who’s above you in career terms </p>
<p>or in terms of financial success. Think about those who </p>
<p>are one step across and one step below (sometimes termed </p>
<p>reverse mentoring). It’s naive to think that you can’t be </p>
<p>motivated by someone just because they aren’t already more </p>
<p>successful than you. And finally, commit. Don’t stand them </p>
<p>up, be gracious and grateful, and when it comes time for </p>
<p>someone to hit you up, pay it back in spades!</p><p>3.	  Don’t stress if you don’t have someone in real life.   </p>
<p>We are absolutely surrounded by energising sources of </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>