<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Think bigger: Beyond Sufficient</p><p>189</p><p>your limits and challenging yourself to think bigger is a whole </p>
<p>different ball game.</p><p>If you think about achieving Sufficient Funds as reaching Everest </p>
<p>base camp, Beyond Sufficient means summiting the mountain. </p>
<p>Pushing your thoughts beyond your original definition of Sufficient </p>
<p>will not only motivate you to stay on track; it will increase your </p>
<p>chances of achieving those initial goals and more.</p><p>This is often where the original list of goals for five years, 10 years </p>
<p>and beyond becomes a serious focus. You’ve nailed all the small </p>
<p>stuff — now it’s time to really dream.</p><p>In money terms, don’t focus on what your stacks will look like at the </p>
<p>end of the month, the quarter or even the year. What does Sufficient </p>
<p>Funds look like for you in 10 or 20 years’ time? Think about those big </p>
<p>life goals; give yourself permission to dream and get set to smash them.</p><p>This is where it gets really wide and varied. To get you thinking, </p>
<p>here’s a short list of life goals from our clients as well as from our </p>
<p>own experience:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Full financial freedom, meaning we can choose to never </p>
<p>work again without sacrificing lifestyle</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Spending every northern hemisphere winter in a debt-free </p>
<p>house in the foothills of powder-mecca Niseko, Japan, with </p>
<p>your very own onsen</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Becoming engaged in true philanthropy — for example, </p>
<p>setting up a scholarship fund for children in an area where </p>
<p>you spent time working many years ago</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>