<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>20</p><p>The case for experiences</p><p>It’s hard to hide my bias here. We are well and truly sold on </p>
<p>the case for experiences, and I’m sure many of you are as well. </p>
<p>Experiences are number one for me. They’re the stuff my dreams </p>
<p>are made of.</p><p>My objectives are heavily oriented towards experience, and they </p>
<p>are broad. From trying something new on the weekend and mixing </p>
<p>up our family activities, to as much global travel as we can get, we </p>
<p>find our eyes are opened by experiencing all that comes with a new </p>
<p>destination, seeing different ways of life and points of view.</p><p>Experiences don’t have to relate to travel. They could involve </p>
<p>learning a new skill, like cooking or a foreign language, trying your </p>
<p>hand at painting or photography, or spending six months building </p>
<p>towards a fitness goal, like competing in a triathlon.</p><p>Note some of the above involve the purchase of things, but these </p>
<p>purchases are a means to an end, rather than the goal itself.</p><p>The rise of the sharing economy allows the more hardcore on this </p>
<p>side of the fence, which we are not, to forgo owning a house, car, </p>
<p>bike or boat, instead directing all funds to real-­</p>
<p>life moments. These </p>
<p>are interesting times we live in.</p><p>The case for things</p><p>Friends of ours recently purchased an obscenely expensive sound </p>
<p>system for their house. They have other goals, a mortgage and </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>