<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Declutter — clearing the path</p><p>63</p><p>Be very careful with the ‘spending for points’ argument too. </p>
<p>Rewards points are not worth what they used to be, and even the </p>
<p>slightest amount of overspending chasing status or points bonuses </p>
<p>very rarely translates into a smart financial decision and will undo </p>
<p>some of the other great work you’re now doing.</p><p>When might a credit card for rewards points actually be helpful? </p>
<p>Usually when it’s already part of a mortgage package where the </p>
<p>fee you’re paying is outweighed by the benefit of at least one offset </p>
<p>account. It may also be useful when you spend on it for large items </p>
<p>you’ve already saved for, such as international travel, and you </p>
<p>immediately transfer from your travel account (or other relevant </p>
<p>account) to pay off the purchase, without paying interest. This can </p>
<p>work as long as you’re in cruise control with the rest of the above. If </p>
<p>in doubt, leave it out.</p><p>Can’t I just invest already?</p>
<p>Not everyone we start working with is super engaged with their </p>
<p>money, and that’s totally normal. However, lots of our SF clients </p>
<p>are. What can result from this is a burning desire to do everything </p>
<p>at once. Everyone wants the spicy, exciting part, but TBH you need </p>
<p>to hit your emergency fund target first and lock it away in a separate </p>
<p>cash account removed from your day-­</p>
<p>to-­</p>
<p>day accounts. Get this </p>
<p>done before you start dripping your surplus into investments or </p>
<p>saving for your property deposit.</p><p>What if I start with cruise control and leave the debt for now?</p>
<p>Please don’t. You’ll feel a much greater sense of achievement if </p>
<p>you tick off this all-­</p>
<p>important, and annoying AF pain in your life. </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>