<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Defend — through life’s ups and downs</p><p>141</p><p>Living to your potential and smashing your big work dreams is </p>
<p>something I want for everyone, so absolutely keep striving for this, </p>
<p>and ideally you will find a balance that works. This goes for partners </p>
<p>too. We see lots of partners who, while they may not have shared </p>
<p> </p>
<p>a lot of the child care early on for financial reasons, balance out to a </p>
<p> </p>
<p>four-­</p>
<p>day week or something more flexible once the primary carer is </p>
<p>back at work.</p><p>Insert day care! At the ripe age of six to 12 months, children are not </p>
<p>exactly self-­</p>
<p>sufficient so being back at work means someone’s still </p>
<p>got to look after them. If each of you works four days, and if you </p>
<p>stagger the days you will be at home, then you only need three days </p>
<p>of day care or grandparent support!</p><p>Family day care or childcare?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Family day cares are generally cheaper, smaller operations </p>
<p>with fewer kids. They’re also likely to offer shorter hours, </p>
<p>similar to a school day. They tend to be more flexible than </p>
<p>childcare centres, so fees are usually quoted hourly, ranging </p>
<p>from about $8 to $18 per hour, with an average of $10.76.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Childcare (or long day care), as the name suggests, caters </p>
<p>more to pre-­</p>
<p> and post-­</p>
<p>work hours. Ours is open from </p>
<p>7.00 am to 6.00 pm, which means it’s easy to do an early </p>
<p>drop off and still get a surf or a ride in before getting </p>
<p>stuck into the day! Day rates generally start from about </p>
<p>$80 but more commonly are closer to $130 to $180+ before </p>
<p>the government subsidy, which, at the time of writing, is </p>
<p>90 per cent for households earning under $80 000, down </p>
<p>to 0 per cent for the ballers with a combined income of </p>
<p>$530 000 or more.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>