<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>178</p><p>been a total lifesaver? I started getting into yoga — shoutout </p>
<p>to my teacher, Louisa, from Lunge! Louisa effortlessly </p>
<p>makes the connection between the work you’re doing in </p>
<p>class and the associated benefits to your body and mind. </p>
<p>I also started to learn more about the benefits of healthy </p>
<p>eating in conjunction with a good exercise routine, and </p>
<p>suddenly I was eating a lot more wholefoods and cutting out </p>
<p>a heap of sugar — cue the upgraded grocery budget!</p><p>•	</p>
<p>You’ve started a new hobby . Are you like one of our clients </p>
<p>who recently got her helicopter licence? In her first Money </p>
<p>Action Plan (MAP) ™ , this was a costly one-­</p>
<p>off goal that she </p>
<p>planned and saved for, but now she’s qualified, she has to </p>
<p>factor a whole new cost into her Spending Plan to keep her </p>
<p>flying and enjoying the fruits of her labour!</p><p>Do you need to free up more time to be able to take on </p>
<p>other hobbies you’ve been putting off? Do you need to </p>
<p>evaluate your work hours or how you’re spending your </p>
<p>weekends in order to do more of this? I juggle surfing and </p>
<p>mountain biking, and often find I’ve let one or the other </p>
<p>(sometime both) slip out of the routine. Surfing especially </p>
<p>is one of my happy places; it’s great for grounding me. </p>
<p>Stop and think about hobbies regularly and ensure you’re </p>
<p>allocating the right amount of time, and money, to keep on </p>
<p>top of these valuable pleasures.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Your family and relationships change . How much time did </p>
<p>you spend hanging with your besties this year? Have you </p>
<p>made the trip you said you would to visit an old friend or </p>
<p>distant relative? How many weddings might be coming up </p>
<p>this year, and where are they? Consider the evolution of </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>