<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>154</p><p>•	</p>
<p>enough to purchase a home outright, if you don’t </p>
<p>already own one</p><p>•	</p>
<p>payment for an in-­</p>
<p>home carer or a nanny; an alternative </p>
<p>might be your partner, but in that case you will need to </p>
<p>replace some of their income</p><p>•	</p>
<p>tax, if the policy is owned and paid for by superannuation, </p>
<p>as TPD is a taxable benefit if paid out through your </p>
<p>super fund.</p><p>Trauma insurance</p><p>This pays you a lump sum when you are diagnosed with a specific </p>
<p>illness, including cancer, heart attack or stroke. For young people the </p>
<p>most common by far is cancer. Trauma insurance can help support </p>
<p>you and your family and pay for medical or rehabilitation costs.</p><p>Examples of specifics you might want to cover include:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>your choice of doctor, and travel to enable you to access the </p>
<p>best care available. I’ve seen someone need to travel to the </p>
<p>United States for care and return with a US$200 000 medical </p>
<p>bill. Private health and Medicare won’t cover this.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>income replacement, either for you if your income </p>
<p>protection doesn’t pay (a doctor says you can still work, </p>
<p>even though it’s the last thing you’d like to be doing), or if </p>
<p>you are unable to obtain income protection</p><p>•	</p>
<p>income support for your partner or someone else who may </p>
<p>need to take family time to deal with your trauma.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>