<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>132</p><p>Trying to conceive</p><p>For a lot of people, this part is effectively free, and fun!</p><p>For others, like Tash and me, getting pregnant entails unexpected </p>
<p>costs, and budgeting for these can be very difficult if not impossible.</p><p>I’m a money nerd at heart but this is one area where the numbers, </p>
<p>as long as you have a rough idea of Sufficient, should not dictate </p>
<p>the decision. Starting a family might be the start of the single most </p>
<p>fulfilling part of your life!</p><p>You’ll want to be as well-­</p>
<p>prepared financially as possible but in the </p>
<p>end, unless you’re swimming in personal debt and aren’t making </p>
<p>ends meet, you’ll move mountains to make this work. Don’t </p>
<p>overthink it; just be aware.</p><p>IVF</p><p>What we have learned in the course of our experience with </p>
<p>fertility treatment is that it is highly individualised. A ‘formula’ </p>
<p>that works for one person or couple might not work for another. </p>
<p>As a result, timelines and budgets also fluctuate. In fact, our </p>
<p>client demographics vary widely so during our Defining Sufficient </p>
<p>sessions and annual check-­</p>
<p>ins we’ve discussed and planned </p>
<p>financially for all options, including fertility treatments and donor, </p>
<p>surrogacy and adoption services. Costs vary for each treatment </p>
<p>option, and you may need to call on several. We got lucky and IVF </p>
<p>was our ticket to having two kids.</p><p>At the time of writing, the out-­</p>
<p>of-­</p>
<p>pocket cost for a cycle of IVF </p>
<p>at most private fertility clinics is a little over $5000. Medications </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>