<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>13</p><p>Often people start with the goal of buying a property. This is a </p>
<p>great goal to have if it really matters to you, but so often clients </p>
<p>can’t tell me why they want to do this. ‘Well, everyone does it, so </p>
<p>shouldn’t we?’</p><p>There’s that word:  should .</p><p>Next comes the lesser material things: a new car, wardrobe, kitchen, </p>
<p>fence, coffee table …</p><p>These can be really important, and even impact your quality of life. </p>
<p>Typically you notice the things that are closest to you first. They are </p>
<p>okay as immediate needs and often take some deliberate saving to </p>
<p>acquire. Note that ticking some of these items off the list can also </p>
<p>help remove a few distractions and give you greater clarity on the </p>
<p>mindset you need to tick off the big things, but do it understanding </p>
<p>the impact of this on your overall financial situation, and again </p>
<p>ensure you are truly going to value it.</p><p>We’ve now made a shopping list of the relatively small items that </p>
<p>have been hanging around for some time. They’re a very valid part </p>
<p>of the conversation but we’re far from the gold at this point.</p><p>I mentioned my parents’ philosophy of ‘buying experiences, not </p>
<p>things’. Well, this meme has been overshared for a reason. Material </p>
<p>acquisitions don’t necessarily make us happy. They usually fulfil </p>
<p>a short-­</p>
<p>term need and are quickly devalued, to be thrown out or </p>
<p>replaced down the track.</p><p>We’re usually about 25 minutes into the meeting by this point, and </p>
<p>this is where the discussion typically falters. I’ve got the financial </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>