<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Introduction</p><p>xxi</p><p>profession would define it, but in focusing on helping people make </p>
<p>a successful connection between money and life and use it to truly </p>
<p>live out their dreams.</p><p>I’ll return to our journey to Sufficient Funds in later pages. Achieving, </p>
<p>and reaching beyond, Sufficient Funds is exactly what you’ll be doing </p>
<p>if you read and implement the suggestions in this book.</p><p>How this book works and why it’s </p>
<p>important to you</p><p>This book is not a guide to escaping from work. The idea of </p>
<p>retirement as a life goal is flawed. It is based on the notion that you </p>
<p>work in a job you don’t love with people you can’t stand and your </p>
<p>sole aim is to get out the other end. Putting too much emphasis on </p>
<p>retirement as the source of all happiness will likely leave you feeling </p>
<p>short-changed when you discover it isn’t the light at the end of the </p>
<p>tunnel you dreamed about.</p><p>Achieving Sufficient Funds is not about retirement planning. It’s </p>
<p>something that can bear fruit much faster than that, and it’s way </p>
<p>more powerful.</p><p>It starts with acknowledging that you will always need some form of </p>
<p>income to allow you to live.</p><p>Defining what is Sufficient for you is covered in chapter 1, and it all </p>
<p>flows from there. You’ll learn very quickly that the more you align </p>
<p>your money decisions with the outcomes you want, the more clarity </p>
<p>you’ll gain over your future, the more confidence you’ll have, the </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>