<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Define — the missing step</p><p>21</p><p>a love for travel, but being musos and spending a lot of time at </p>
<p>home, a high-­</p>
<p>quality sound system was just the thing to enhance </p>
<p>their lifestyle.</p><p>The message here: don’t let the meme screw with your reality.</p><p>Our family spends 75 per cent of our lives eating, sleeping, living and </p>
<p>working in the ‘thing’ that Tash and I saved to purchase together. </p>
<p>We’ve upgraded our home twice since that first purchase and we </p>
<p>wouldn’t have it any other way. Don’t hesitate to allocate funds </p>
<p>towards things that enhance your quality of life. The only caveat: </p>
<p>make sure there’s a purpose, a clear benefit, and that it fits with </p>
<p>everything else you want to achieve.</p><p>For many, working towards their goals accounts for a big chunk of </p>
<p>their time. If, like us, you have bigger targets for yourself, chances </p>
<p>are you’ll do better if home is a place of comfort where you can wind </p>
<p>down and enjoy all the things that make you happy. There’s nothing </p>
<p>wrong with that.</p><p>Spending funds on material things that enhance your life </p>
<p>experience — the home itself, car, backyard office/granny flat for </p>
<p>working from home, an infrared sauna, a serious mattress to ensure </p>
<p>quality shuteye — these are totally cool. As I said, if it makes your </p>
<p>life more Sufficient, go nuts.</p><p>For the most part, experiences and things go together. Give yourself </p>
<p>permission to run with or against the herd, or dangle your legs </p>
<p>either side of the fence for a while. Just make sure you’re doing it for </p>
<p>you and no one else.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>