<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>58</p><p>Upcoming accounts</p><p>5. TRAVEL</p><p>Our favourite pot of gold! Maybe you have a massive European or </p>
<p>US trip coming up, or perhaps you’re more of a homebody targeting </p>
<p>the occasional weekend away. Whatever this is for you, I suggest you </p>
<p>keep it separate and when you transfer in here, it is ‘assumed spent’. </p>
<p>Gone. This allows for 100 per cent guilt-­</p>
<p>free travel! Don’t mess with </p>
<p>this, as for most of the legends we work with, this is highly valued, </p>
<p>away-­</p>
<p>from-­</p>
<p>work, get-­</p>
<p>creative, reset, realign, relax time … you get it!</p><p>Separating out this money forces you to align your behaviour with </p>
<p>your goal. When you’re living day-to-day and have had a few extra </p>
<p>splurges, you’ve been a bit loose with your spending and your day-­</p>
<p>to-­</p>
<p>day accounts are approaching $0, or you need to pull money </p>
<p>from your ‘Niseko powder’ or ‘Barossa with the girls’ stash, you’re </p>
<p>definitely going to think twice about blowing those extra funds. This </p>
<p>is why we ‘Define’ first. Ensure your goals are motivating enough to </p>
<p>keep your money plan on track!</p><p>Card access required:  NO. (I repeat, NO!) There is no way you </p>
<p>want to be able to access this stash on a whim without taking a </p>
<p>good, hard look at yourself.</p>
<p>Starting balance before pay lands:  $0 if not travelling for </p>
<p>12 months.</p><p>Here’s the real trick if you’re up for it. You’ve heard people talk about </p>
<p>booking a holiday from a holiday? Well, here’s how. Loosely calculate </p>
<p>your next 18 to 24 months of travel plans and begin with however </p>
<p>much you need for the current year’s spend. That way you’re now </p>
<p>saving for next year’s holidays and really getting ahead!</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>