<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>172</p><p>dollar-­</p>
<p>matching initiatives, in which a wealthy individual </p>
<p>or corporate organisation offers to match each donation. Or </p>
<p>think about collaborating with friends or colleagues to give </p>
<p>together to make a bigger impact.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Do I have the capacity to contribute more than money?  </p>
<p>Depending on the organisation, you may be able to </p>
<p>contribute your time and skills towards volunteer efforts, or </p>
<p>pro-­</p>
<p>bono work.</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Do I want to establish a long-­</p>
<p>term donation plan?  Do I </p>
<p>want to make this a one-­</p>
<p>off donation or am I happy to have </p>
<p>recurring donations direct debited?</p><p>Set up a regular donations plan</p><p>Okay, so you’ve made your decisions and know what cause or causes </p>
<p>you want to focus on. Now there are some logistics to figure out. My </p>
<p>list of top questions to ask includes the following:</p><p>•	</p>
<p>How much do you want to donate?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Do you want to direct debit?  As with savings in general </p>
<p>(chapter 2), if you don’t automate it and allocate funds </p>
<p>before they hit the spending account, will it really </p>
<p>happen? Even better, do you have pre-­</p>
<p>tax options through </p>
<p>your employer?</p><p>•	</p>
<p>Do you want to make a one-­</p>
<p>off annual payment or regular </p>
<p>payments throughout the year?  This will depend on your </p>
</div>
</body>
</html>