<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<title>Annotated PDF - Page {page_num+1}</title>
<style>p { margin: 0; padding: 0; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<div style='position:relative;'>
<p>Insufficient Funds</p><p>2</p><p>We park the money for this part because money is a repeat offender </p>
<p>in creating limiting beliefs. When money is involved upfront it </p>
<p>causes us to worry at the outset that we can’t achieve our goals or </p>
<p>won’t ever be able to afford something we want. So right now please </p>
<p>forget about the dollars, park your worries about debts and savings </p>
<p>for a while. It’s time to focus on your dreams.</p><p>The power of positive thinking </p>
<p>for financial wellbeing</p><p>Before we launch into defining your ideal life, I want to address the </p>
<p>importance of having your mindset right.</p><p>I’ve never been criticised for not thinking big enough. I’m a dreamer. </p>
<p>I’ve also never had a problem with convincing myself that whatever </p>
<p>I want is achievable. According to CliftonStrengths, ‘futuristic’ and </p>
<p>‘positivity’ are among my top strengths. Someone once told me </p>
<p>that I’m  too  positive. I’m not convinced that’s possible as long as </p>
<p>you channel it into action and back it up with an occasional dose of </p>
<p>realism, though not too much of the latter.</p><p>In my experience, self-­</p>
<p>belief and positivity are the keys to getting </p>
<p>started and jumping all the hurdles along the way.</p><p>When you have something massively meaningful to work towards </p>
<p>you’ll move mountains to make it happen. Even more so when you </p>
<p>experience small wins and feed off the positivity of those wins when </p>
<p>aiming towards your bigger goals. You’re not only kicking goals, </p>
<p>you’re carving out your mindset.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>